Two rows of seats separated by a narrow central aisle run the length of this traditionally malodorous bus. It's no Rolls-Royce, but then neither are you. There's a sign behind the driver's booth and a set of automatic doors allows you on and off the bus. Mounted above the doors is a button
warns passengers not to talk to the driver while the bus is in motion
Pressing the button tells the driver to let you off at the next stop
is the sort which goes "Shhhht!" and bites your leg
refuse to catch your eye
The fellow's face is set in a grim mask of concentration
Flowerbeds and a perfect lawn with an urn of miniature roses whose scent fills the air: that's your garden, and jolly nice too. To the north is your front door; to the south, the garden gate leads onto Neverending Lane
It's green
is the sort of thing which you'd find holding llama stew in any primitive tribe, or flowers in any upwardly-mobile suburban garden
are small but perfectly formed, and the colour of spring sunshine
What can you say about a gate?
is striped in orange and yellow, with occasional small bloodstains where fools have attempted to fold or unfold the damned thing
is a bit large for a harmonica
is a natty pair of white ducks
covers those parts which trousers cannot reach
looks like it could pack a punch
I'm not going to palm you off with a silly description
looks remarkably smug
could do with a clean
The typical kitchen of one who cannot or will not cook. A table stands in the centre of the room, and a fridge in the corner hums quietly to itself (and indeed to anyone else who'll listen). Southwards, through the kitchen door, is your bedroom, while eastwards the kitchen opens onto the conservatory
is quite devoid of aesthetic merit
is one of the clever patent sort which has great difficulty opening tins but goes through thumbs like a knife through butter
is, despite the trumpeting vainglorious advertisements by its makers in the Sunday papers, no different from any other fridge
This tottering structure would be on its last legs if it had legs, which it doesn't
If it's a choice between this or your sock, go for the sock
The vast Gothic hearth occupies almost the entire wall of the chamber; were a fire burning in it, it would heat the whole hall
is one of those ones that watchmakers always have, saying "Sorry - No Repairs Accepted"
One of your fantasies is that you are an austere and ascetic monk, everyday needs pared down to a bare minimum, and your bedroom has been artfully designed to nurture this pleasing image. There's not a picture or a rug in sight; a simple wooden bed and a plain wardrobe are the entire contents of the room. Your bathroom is northeast, the kitchen is north, and southeast takes you back to the hallway
is modest and plain
looks in on a tiny back room of the shop. Inside, the clockmaker sits atop a metal stool, fiddling in the bowels of a watch. Above him hangs an oil lamp, dimly illuminating the room
would hold a large number of clothes if you had a large number of clothes; but you aren't interested in clothes
is black, coarse and nice for plants or for rubbing on your face if you are a burglar (see "What Burglar" magazine for a comparison test)
is a marvellous device which enables you to lose all your keys at once, instead of one at a time. With this one, you could lose a yellow plastic key, a rusty key and an iron key
The yellow plastic key is standard Post Office issue
fits ordinary household locks
doesn't look as if it gets much use
In harmony with the bedroom, the bathroom is plainly-furnished; a fine old  freestanding bathtub, a throne-like lavatory and a rather nice washbasin creak gently and harmoniously in this temple of hygiene, whose door leads southwest
is cracked and warped and suits you jolly well
is part of a matching pair. So is the bath. The trouble is, they aren't part of the same matching pair
is just an old porcelain bog, but  there's a special sort of relationship between you
is a rather jolly plastic toy. You like to play with it in the bath, constructing elaborate and rewarding primeval fantasies
is entitled "Sheep Throughout History"
"Small, but cramped" best describes this room, lined with bookshelves and overshadowed by a vast and ancient desk at which you claim to work (an obvious lie, since the desk is piled high with magazines). Everyone knows that what your really do is sit here and pretend to be Sherlock Holmes or possibly Professor Moriarty, depending on your mood. Your conservatory is northwards through a red padded door (one of the Sherlock Holmes accessories), and the hallway lies southwest
is bile-green and clashes somewhat with the refined surroundings
stare back at you, devoid of their previous inhabitants
is a sturdy old monster, bequeathed to you by your grandfather
rolls on majestically for miles and miles and miles and miles and miles and...
It's a telephone, and it's red
Come on. You know what the magazines are. Let's not discuss the matter
Only a fool would build a north-facing conservatory in the northern hemisphere, but who said we are in the northern hemisphere? Who even said what planet this is? Anyway, glass is cheaper than bricks, and the conservatory is a delightful place to sit in your wicker chair at your wicker table and gaze admiringly at your vicious cacti, lining the glass wall in potfuls. Your library is south of here, your kitchen west, and the back door leads north to the garden
is the sort that Somerset Maugham used to sit in, and look what happened to him
may be atmospheric, but it's damnably flimsy
is not actually a bottle of milk. It's a bottle for milk, made of glass
is a dull red and very frayed

Here, away from the prying eyes of bus passengers, you can indulge your taste for wilderness. The garden is artfully untended, a straggling and ancient willow tree casting its shade over your house and the quiet country lane to the north, and the conservatory to the south
sways and dangles precariously above the stool
have rusted from the rain, and probably only have a couple of decent bites left in them
are thick enough to protect against even the most vicious of tin openers, for example
Here's a sight for sore urban eyes: a tranquil country lane on which no traffic runs, winding eastwards between the soothing shade of tall hedgerows. No wonder you moved out of town. To the south lies your back garden
It's a yellow plastic gizmo, standard issue from the Post Office
is one of those special forms which you can't understand what it's on about half the time
is a mouse which was once alive but now isn't any more. Rigour Mousis is setting in fast
This narrow country lane runs past your house. There is a bus-stop at the roadside opposite your garden gate, which lies to the north
The top eight rungs are missing. Or possibly the bottom eight rungs. You can't tell, really
has been carved out of jade in the image of a dragon and bears the word 'Thingy'
has been fashioned from ivory in the shape of a unicorn. The word 'Watchercallit' has been engraved on its surface
has been modelled out of lapis to represent a walrus. Etched into its surface is the word 'Oojimy'
It's a tall metal stool for a short natural-fibre clockmaker
A roaring fire is blazing cheerfully, filling the room with its picturesque glow and the hearth with its filthy, red-hot ash
Crafted from jet, this pelican charm is a tiny pelican with the word 'Doofer' enscribed upon it
Representing a fire-engine, this amethyst charm, artistically worked bears the word 'Doodah'
Friends who come to dinner love this comforting, warm hallway; a good thing, since you are a lousy cook. You love it too, and shed the cares of the outside world every time you come in. Broad and spacious, it forks northwest into the bedroom and northeast to the library; your heavy front door shuts out the rough old world to the south
As we said, it's frightening
Knee-deep in absurdly lush grass, your eyes dazzled by bright blue cornflowers, you potter aimlessly around this rich pasture, wondering whether to investigate the dense wood which lies to the south, the orchard (southeast of here) or the country lane to the west
What we have here is a warm ton of raw beef covered in hair and nurturing a grievance. Not cosy at all
Drooling with indignation, the defeated bull wanders aimlessly around in circles, blinded by the red tablecloth covering his head
hangs in tatters on the bull's horns
Mighty oaks sough in the languid wind and a golden field lies south, while to the north you can see a broad pasture. The lane winds to the northwest, and, beyond a vicious barbed wire fence, there appears to be a way eastwards
sway gently in the wind
used to be live flies, but that was before they died; before that, they were maggots, and before that, eggs.  In any case, they are disgusting, and there are thousands and thousands of them. How horrid
This garish yellow field is a blot on the landscape. What's more, the mustard seeds flying on the wind are making your nose run and your eyes water. If you had a slice of cold roast beef you'd be in clover. (At least, you'd be in mustard, which is the same as being in clover where beef is concerned). Since you haven't got any beef, you'd best run north or east, though watch out for the barbed wire fence
The barbed-wire fence is one of the ones which you can't climb over and you can't crawl through, which is why it was chosen in the first place
Xam's infamously barmy gardener, known and hated throughout the county, has been comparatively restrained here; it's just a standard, lush, green orchard, bounded on the west by a barbed-wire fence, and a grassy field lies northwest. You can hear the murmuring of a spring to the east. A bridge leads southeast, and Xam's front garden lies south
Oojimy something
The clock tower lies east, a door leads northeast to the carousel, and, last but not least, a small workshop lies west. It's worth noting that the small workshop is blazing away merrily
This cool spring, surrounded on all sides but the west by steep banks, bubbles up from underground. It looks entirely artless and natural, belying the fact that Xam's crazed gardener constructed it by means of an intricate system of dams and hydraulics, initially flooding half the neighbourhood and leading to a series of acrimonious lawsuits lasting several years. It is nevertheless his favourite spot
This dreadful structure is a danger to life and limb. The mad gardener cherishes it, of course. The orchard is northwest, and there's a crumbling shed to the south, but don't pay any attention now: just try and stay alive
was clearly designed by a madman, and only a madman would use it
A colourful riot of flowers, carefully tended by Xam's colourful, riotous gardener, lines the gravel path leading southwest to his kitchen door. North leads back to the orchard
Which path do you mean, the On the Path, the On the Path or the On the Path? (An old joke for old customers. Actually, the path is well-debugged and there's nothing odd about it.)
is well-oiled
is addressed to Xam
Damned place is a shambles. Shocking! Rubbish all over the floor, empty cartons and packets, definitely needs a woman's touch but all it's got is the mad gardener's touch and a trapdoor in the floor. Northeast takes you back to the garden, and an exit leads west; frankly, either direction would be a relief
Looking at it is about all you are prepared to do
Some sloven has disposed of this old plastic oil bottle improperly
is SAE 20W-60 multigrade ashless dispersant synthetic hydrocarbon technology lubricant. In other words, it's oily
beckons you towards its effulgent depths
The dining room, dominated by a vast table, looks over rolling countryside, and is in turn overlooked by Xam's father, gazing down from a portrait on the wall. East leads back into the untidy kitchen and there is an exit south
is heavy, bulbous and ornate. Were this a different game, you could probably play snooker on it, but it isn't and you can't
aren't all there
Well... it's a stick of wax with a wick up it. Painful business, being a candle
Xam's father gazes calmly out at you: one of the old school of Green magicians, humorous, capricious, much given to jokes, but essentially benign
Another scruffy room. Boy, is this guy a slob. Dust lies thickly on the set of Encyclopaedia Aquitania filling the bookshelves, and a crufty table sits in the corner. The dining room is north, and a door leads southwest into the garden
What you do is sit on the benches and drink a lot of beer and then you fall off the benches. Orthodox, true, but fun
A vast and costly partwork of half-truths sold to the incorrigibly ignorant by the invincibly persuasive on impossibly easy terms
is heavy enough to keep things out. Or in. Depends which side you're on
is another ugly lump left to Xam by his Grandpa, and obviously unpolished since the old buffer's sad demise
has frozen into the shape of the bottle
will absolutely NOT reveal what the butler said he saw
A tiny trapdoor, barely large enough to squeeze through, has been set into the floor; from around its edges leaks a stench you could hang your hat on
The reason for the slightly difficult smell escaping from this cellar is easily traceable to a large oak vat filled with fermenting goo.  Either Xam or the mad gardener has a truly antisocial hobby. The trapdoor leads back up
is indescribably disgusting
is tiny, no bigger than a match box
This thing could light up your life
You know what they say - paddle your own canoe
This is where Xam grows his, um, medicinal, er, herbs. And so forth. His house is northeast, and a colossal holly bush stands to your south
is green and prickly. With little berries. The berries are red
Old Mother Nature, instinct in her creation, gazes blandly back at you
Ouch! You have just walked into a prickling mass of holly dripping with crimson berries.  You can escape these evergreen prickles by going north. Through the dark greenery you spy a nerdulent magpie, whistling cheerfully
The magpie is a nerd and a kleptomaniac, but sings nicely
are absolutely not sunglasses
This place is like a landlocked shipwreck, falling to bits, with the decaying skeleton of an old fishing boat in the corner. A sliding door leads south, and northwards lies the bridge
reeks of dead fish, oysters and, curiously, cordite. It's not only unseaworthy, but, by the look of it, unlandworthy too
extends from a greenish wrist; both of which are the colour and texture of old mouldy pizza, enough to give anyone the willies
In its heyday, this great door slid open to allow the passage of boats to and from the boathouse; now it is neglected and peeling, and its runners are rusty
look particularly rusty
The icy lagoon lies to the south of this little jetty, while north leads back into the boathouse
The mad gardener uses this speedy, lightweight canoe when he goes out at night to shoot fish. There is a small hole just below the waterline
Having whetted his appetite by mucking around with streams and rivers, the crazed gardener was moved to divert the course of the sea itself. This lagoon is one result of his megalomania, the other consequences being too grotesque and awful to describe here. The end result, however, is certainly attractive: blue, chill waters stretch out around and beneath you; to the south lies the ornamental pagoda, to the southwest lies the great conifer wood, while away to the north is the little jetty where the canoe was moored
is engrossed in his work
Xam's grandfather, High Master of the Order of Green Magic, built this great folly as a meeting-place for the Green Witches. The status that the Order once enjoyed is symbolised by the monumental style of the building. From here you could cross the lagoon northwards to the mooring. However, darkened steps lead invitingly down
These great steps of finest Carrara marble lead up to the pagoda, while a passageway leads east
is a good servant, but a bad master
is packed tight under its own weight
You are beneath the lagoon in a long corridor, which rather gives you the willies, what with the sound of lapping water, the cheery song of fishes outside and so forth. You can, if you wish, descend even deeper, or return westwards to the airlock
Here was once the robing-room, it seems, for the Green Witches' lodge meetings. Judging by the swivel chair and desk, it's now used as an office. A red painted door leads east, or you could go back up to the corridor
has been painted a vile and vulgar red
The builders of this well obviously skimped on the job once below ground level and out of sight, since it narrows dramatically as it descends. The bad news is that you can go down no further; the good news is that you could still climb out if you wished
stare into their beer
The desk, like the chair, is covered in worn tufted leather. Unlike the chair, it doesn't swivel
The notecase, of lizard-skin with gold corners, is a vulgar status symbol
is stamped with the head of King Waldo the Unimaginably Dim
is wet
The chair, like the desk, is covered in worn tufted leather. Unlike the desk, it swivels and you can sit in it
As we said, little intrinsic interest, apart from a Plimsoll line running round the wall - and even that isn't interesting, just queer. The only way out is west
has two buttons on it, side by side
bears the word 'Flush'
bears the word 'Flood'
is made from black Neoprene with yellow stripes. Spidery writing on one of the stripes says '3EN'
are made from black rubber with yellow spots
is made from black rubber
It looks like you could fix an extra air cylinder to this aqualung. If you had an extra cylinder, that is
This is a large, circular, steel chamber with a control panel set into the wall, a fearsome-looking door leading east and a hatch above you
The gloom here is so intense that you can hardly make out the weed waving in front of your face; a gentle current tempts you northwest, but you can smootly slide in almost any direction: northeast, north, northwest, southwest, south, southeast, east and up
This was the meeting-place for the Order of Green Witches, a great green circular chamber with an ornate ceiling from which hangs a great Gothic chandelier. The only exit from here is back into the sacristy
is cold, wet and slimy
The air here is heavy and resinous from the closely-planted conifers which almost obscure the sky. To the south lies the village green, while through the trees to the northeast you glimpse blue waters
The focal point of the village, this cheerful green is a hive of activity when the fair comes to town. This time of year though, things are a little more low-key, and the folk busy themselves about more mundane matters like eating and drinking. The route to the north leads back towards the wood and a magnificent carousel can be seen over to the southwest. The usual assortment of village shops skirt the green, serving the needs of the local populace. To the northeast is the entrance to a typical country post office, while a bakery and the obligatory village pub stand on opposite sides of the green to the northwest and southeast
Although northeast leads you back to the village green; and although an ancient clockmaker's shop and a looming tower stand to the southwest, here is a place to linger. How vividly painted this carousel is, with its golden domed canopy and pink and white curling pillars! How tempting a prospect, with its great  calliope waiting to blare out majestic  band music to accompany you on your journey
is one of those intricate, gaudy, brass-and-steam fairground organs.  If you insert a Ferg coin in the slot you may go for a ride
is a one Ferg slot, just right for a one-Ferg coin
The undulating unicorn has been constructed with love and artistry, from his splendid white coat to his fine silk mane; his gentle eyes belie the danger in his long glinting horn. His saddle invites you to ride
is a sham. He's not a real dragon, and, if he were, would exhibit the shyness and stupidity for which his breed is renowned. In short, the great sweeping tail, the iridescent blue scales and gaping maw are all front. He's a pussycat, saddled and raring to go
The prancing pelican has been painted pale blue with a gaping orange beak (which holds more, of course, than his belican); he is reined and bridled, and a one-man basket is strapped to his broad blue back
drudge drearily to draw the State Carriage of Aquitania, a huge rococo vehicle decorated with the Royal Arms of Queen Edna (popularly known as "Who's that standing on the balcony with King Norbert the Half-Baked?"). The carriage is lined with velvet, unlike the weary walruses
sports a splendid ladder and a fanfare for forcing foot-travellers to flee from its feverish fire-dousing flurry (all fundamentally fictitious flapdoodle, of course; for, though finely-forged, this fire engine is a fake, fixed firmly in the fairground)
A tremendous and irresistible symphony of aromas - freshly-baked bread, hot chocolate, dried fruit and spices - seduces you into this bakery. A notice is stuck to the wall with blobs of lemon curd. The village green lies southeast, and wooden steps lead down
slobbers over a nauseating lemon curd pie, piling elephantine pieces into his mouth
The baking heat and smell of baking are almost overpowering in this tiny room. A huge oven stands next to a trestle table, stairs lead upwards, and there's another exit to the west
is a huge whopping Gawd-help-us (built to bake anything up to three hundred cakes at once) with a panel on its side
the controls of the oven consist of a single, solitary, large green button. Underneath, a notice trumpets "The Megabake Ultra Champion Supreme Wonder - Grandissimo Size."
follows conventional colour-coding principles
is a simple cherrywood work-surface
A can of the finest selection, "Contents Guaranteed Fresh And Wriggly. Fish love 'em!"
Squidgy, doughy and ready to bake
is good enough to eat
is what you put, for example, dough in when, for example, you want to bake a loaf, for example
looks like it has a silver lining
are well-worn with constant daily use
Here within the weather clock's base, the sheer size of this construction becomes apparent and you feel dwarfed by the towering walls rising some thirty feet or more above your head. High above, a steel girder catches your eye. To the west  you can get back into the shop
will eventually support the pendulum
It's twenty feet down, and five feet north to a platform. It's up to you to jump
is rather like a bird bath but an awful lot smaller. The relationship is much the same as that of birds to flies
Two life-size wax figures stand confidently at either end of a slender wooden beam. The thirty-foot drop doesn't bother them, but you are not so sanguine
is pivoted at its centre, allowing the figures at either end to swing in and out. Its far end hangs over the village green, and the near end can be reached from the platform
just goes to show that some people look at the pictures intelligently
are too far away for you to see which one is out
is sodden in his rain-streaked suit and tie; he peers gloomily through a monocle, perhaps hoping for better weather
is the well-known "Overton" model, as carried by dreary ineffectual bores everywhere
is cheerily clad in apple-green bathing trunks, lucky fellow
You're on the end of the beam, clinging desperately to
is too far away for you to see very much
is too far away for you to see very much
This pub dates back to the days of King Erik the Rather Unconvincing, and is deeply popular in the village since it's the only pub there is. It boasts the usual fixtures and fittings, among which is a capacious hearth. An exit to the north leads to an attractive beer garden while the village green lies to the northwest. I'll wager that the bar, to the south, will be your first port of call, however
runs the length of the pub and is piled high with dirty tankards. A handpump with a sign on it proclaims, "Guest beer"
The depth of the dust covering the Encyclopaedia is more than equalled by the depth of the dust covering these shelves. Xam maintains that it's an unparallelled filing system
looks the moody sort. Not the kind of guy you'd want to get on the wrong side of
is mostly spring-water, on top of which floats a thin, iridescent film of the oil which the old bottle once contained
can hold a full pint
has a good head on it
is a beautiful piece of work, fashioned from fine, rare Russia leather
is one of the reasons why Doctor Foster doesn't appear in this game
looks a bit murky
This room is named after the rather unacceptably diabolic being worshipped therein. Serpentine caryatids line the walls, and a great lectern, carved in the shape of an unutterable succubus, dominates the chamber. Exits lead east and west
Beer is the keynote of this beer garden, where children can play while their parents get blurred. To encourage the patrons, the landlord has provided benches and sunshades. If you weren't to spend all your time staring gloomily into your beer, you might also notice the bright and cheerful flowers and the ornamental wishing-well standing in the middle of the garden.  To the south, you can get back into the pub
reads : "Wanted! - Smart lad to take over as Baker's apprentice - Ask here"
is made from coarse material
You are to the west of a rather jolly red station serving the Mountain Loop Railway, a scenic and charming excursion line whose jolly red trains are  justifiably popular with jolly red tourists. There is a slightly less jolly and not-red-at-all sign on the wall. The station is to the east
This charming, rural station serves the Mountain Loop Railway, originally built to carry slate from the quarries but now serving largely as a tourist attraction. The platform is to the east, and you can leave the station to the west. A wooden hatch in the wall is
The bench, painted in the red livery of the MLR, comes in handy in those long waits between trains
This is where, at the stationmaster's convenience, you may buy tickets for the Mountain Loop Railway. The hatch is fitted with a wooden shutter; at the moment, it is
The beautifully-maintained locomotive in its shining red MLR livery is the pride and joy of its driver
is, considering its small size and even smaller value, an extraordinarily pompous document, listing all sorts of penalties and disclaimers in virulent purple ink
The platform, for those unfamiliar with train travel, is where you wait for the train to arrive, and then you get on. This one continues northwards, where a bridge crosses the tracks. The station building is off to the west, and the railway tracks (running northwards up the mountain) are to the east. The Mountain Loop Railway Company has thoughtfully provided a bench for waiting passengers
Tacketta-ticketta tock tock tocketty-tap tap tippety tick-tack. Pretty neat tap-dancing shoes, in the right hands... sorry, feet
From this high and cloud-swept eyrie you can see the Castle glittering across a great precipice. There is, it appears, no way for you to go
This wild and grandiose Gothic folly stands aloof above a yawning precipice, scraping the clouds with its marble turrets
says SWAG on it. Perhaps it got here from a different game
is of a deep blue hue
If you ever needed evidence that the Greens were rather weird, you have it now. This secluded garden is dotted with most peculiar statues, including one which appears to represent a petrified guardian.  Exits lead up to the parapets and east to the Promenade Court
are green things that grow everywhere. Look! There's one now..
This vertiginous chasm lies between the Castle and the mountaintop. It looks a long way down
This room has been carefully decorated in traditional dungeon style, and thus is disgusting. Damp drips from the crumbling walls, to which a set of heavy manacles are immovably pinioned
These primitive and rusty instruments of restraint are available for all sorts and conditions of "customers" in the dungeon
You have penetrated the most secret and intimate place in Jannedor's beastly domain: her personal chamber, complete with a small and oddly-shaped bed in which the small and oddly-shaped witch sleeps and dreams her schemes of conquest.  Particoloured light streams from the windows. A table stands by the bed, and an east exit leads to a balcony. The hallway stands to the south
All the windows in the castle are arched in the Gothic style
The left hand door, like the right hand door would conceal the possibility of nameless peril. As it is, however, you just don't fancy it very much
is where Jannedor lies by night, one eye open, the other in the back of her head, scheming. Our nightmares are her dreams..
is covered with a tapestry which all but conceals its legs
The right hand door is exactly like the left hand door, except it's on the other side
It's one of those wooden things which serves as a barrier between one location and the next
defies description from this angle
is cold, wet and dreary
loom ominously overhead
forks earthward given the opportunity
whistles past
The chimney stinks of old greasy soot and fat roast bureaucratic roasts. Claustrophobics should get out immediately by going down
From the dizzy heights of this parapet, perched high above the precipice, you can survey the entire castle. Downwards leads to the walled garden
The dome has shattered into a myriad glittering shards
were erected in the dim past by dim sculptors to portray dim guardians
A tremendous wooden door leading northwards stands in this Gothic archway of massy granite. Southward lies the Promenade Court, and a tiny defensive passageway runs east
In the castle's days of glory, this Court would have been thronged with promenading grandees; now it is deserted and gloomy. The walled garden lies to the west, and a vast archway stands to the north
This heavy door, fully thirty feet high, is studded with nails and would resist the fiercest attack
This vast, icy chamber is at least two hundred feet long, with windows along one side and a great refectory table with dining chairs drawn up in regimental order. A marble fireplace dominates one end of the room, and a portrait glowers from the other. Exits lead northeast, northwest and south, and a stairway leads down to the kitchen
was once brightly-polished but is now covered in a thin film of dust; it stretches the entire length of the hall
bear the imprint of centuries of distinguished (if disagreeable) bottoms
was carved from a single slab of marble and heavily inlaid with ormolu, lapis lazuli and all sorts of other vulgar ostentatious things. It's possible to climb up the chimney from here. A hearth stands within it. 
You glare at the painting, and why not? Jannedor, whose greenish and Medusa-like portrait it is, certainly glares at you. Her nasty gaze could freeze chops at five hundred paces, including yours
It's a rather nice little Gothic door
This strange small chamber with its peculiar carvings of mythical snake-birds serves as the entrance to a sinuous spiral staircase leading up. The Great Hall lies southeast of here
The twisting spiral staircase continues upwards towards a hallway, and down to the entrance to this tower
The spiral staircase leads downwards from this hallway, which, from its atmosphere of nervous anticipation, would seem to be some sort of waiting-room
A door leads eastwards out of this small, musty antechamber, and the Great Hall lies southwest
The lambent gold filigree and chased platinum of the legendary Turani bracelet glitters and sparkles with inner light; it has about it a strangely menacing and dangerous quality, suggesting tremendous latent power once reunited with the five magical charms
This small balustraded balcony commands a frightening view of sheer cliffs and a profound abyss. You are so high that birds fly beneath you. The only sane way out is back into a dream-haunted chamber
Seemingly endless, this lane stretches into the distance as far as the eye can see - and possibly a lot further
Running straight as an arrow, the lane ploughs through the countryside until it meets the horizon; although it is unlikely that it stops even there
looks as if it's been lying about in somebody's garden shed for a century or two
Filled to the brim with bubbling frothy primeval bilge, this oaken vat slowly gives the cheese its particularly revolting flavour
is immediately recognisable because it's yours and you live there
is the bit you speak into and listen with
is a decent, solid-looking job of fumed oak, the householder's joy and burglar's despair
By a remarkable coincidence, the document is just like the one in the packaging. Actually this is a lie, since this version of the game does not have a document in the packaging. Unlucky that. But you can view it at http://strandgames.com/files/jinxter/document.html
looks just like your great uncle Jim but a little taller and of course unlike Jim he doesn't sport a vast beard and an eye patch, perhaps it's the herringbone overcoat
has 'Aquitanian District Bus Company' in bold lettering at the top. Further down it specifies the destination as Neverending Lane
is having a hell of a good time looking at people's tickets and telling them off and writing things down in his little book. He is so terribly happy that he whistles constantly, just to let you know how happy he is
consists of a long metal pole set in a concrete base. A notice has been fixed where the timetable would normally be
is packed with passengers and, frankly, smells appalling
is too pretty for words!
will lock automatically when shut
is a telephone, just like a red one, except it is green
is the bit you speak into and listen with
looks nothing like the key it once was
is bright yellow, with the Aquata Postal Service logo stamped on it
hangs in mid air as though it were smog inside the bus
looks out onto the orchard, and beyond to the rolling countryside
Looking at the wall is really incredibly thrilling. You stare at it in mute wonder, recalling walls you have known since your earliest days, walls you learned of at your grandmother's knee, walls fabled in song and legend, and distant, mythical walls whose existence is only hinted at by ancient sages. Thinking on the role of walls in your life, you eventually enter a trance-like state which the mystics of the Orient call "Nirvana" and the rest of us call "idiocy". You might as well bang your head on the wall for all the good it'll do you
That would take more than contortion
This narrow passage runs eastwards into a small room of little intrinsic architectural interest and continues westwards
is like a colossal steel bathplug sealing off the eastern rooms from the airlock itself. Where the chain would go, there's a large wheel instead
Once the door is closed this wheel tightens the lock making the door water tight. Turning it locks and unlocks the door
You are swimming about aimlessly underwater. Bloop... bloop... bloop... But you can smootly slide in any direction: northeast, north, northwest, west, southwest, south, southeast, east and up
Watery sunshine filters feebly through the lagoon, faintly illuminating a hatch below you. And you can smootly slide in any direction: northeast, north, northwest, west, southwest, south, southeast, east, up and down
Peering about the lagoon, you try to work out where you are, but your sense of direction seems to have let you down
This is a plain metal cover
Strangely, the letter is in Xam's own handwriting
You are floating about high above the Green Witches' meeting chamber. Rumour has it that they were able to do the same thing - without the water. The Green Lodge  lies  below. The chandelier is well within reach from here 
Typical of many a country Post Office, this small shop houses only the essentials of its trade. Plain wooden floorboards cover the floor and a counter spans the width of the room. A simple pair of scales stand behind the counter and a safe has been set in the rear wall. Above the door, to the southwest, hangs a small bell
is old and battered and could do with a coat of paint
divides the shop and separates the staff from the customers
Beautifully enamelled and decorated with gold leaf, this precision instrument - a product of the Fisch Scales Coy Ltd. - clearly enunciates any weight up to 15 Thargs (approximately the weight of five objects of 3 Thargs each)
has been mounted above the shop door and rings whenever the door is opened or closed
You know what postmistresses look like? This one looks like one of those
Crafted from three-inch case-hardened steel and endorsed by seventy-two inch case-hardened coppers, this Chugg "Champion" Twin-Key Wonder has four handles, one at each corner, and a plaque bearing the Chugg trademark of a weeping burglar
has the plum role in the entire game, but otherwise is just a red herring
has a small sign over it which reads 'Eric Gervaise Thribb - Licensed to sell beer, spirits, narcolepts, psychotropes, neck-oils and laughter-lotion for consumption on the premises, off the premises or under the tables'
is guaranteed free of all impurities (with the exception of any impurities it may happen to contain)
are all occupied at the moment
is a small, dimly-lit room where the raw materials for the bakery are stored. Eastwards lies the kitchen
none
is smouldering nicely
allows a little privacy
keeps the cooking smells out of the bedroom
The door, thickly padded in red leather, came from an upmarket lunatic asylum
Confinement in this dungeon has badly affected Xam; the manacles which restrain him have abraded his wrists, he is dirty and unshaven, and clearly emaciated
is just an ordinary match
is yet another ordinary wooden match
is the fourth, perfectly ordinary wooden match
is an advance warning to passengers, telling of a strike by bus crews which is due to commence any moment now
reads "Guest beer: Old Moosebolter - O.G. 1145 - Only 1 Ferg per pint"
Doofer something
Doodah!
Thingy!
Watchercallit something
is a massive, Gothic, brass job which in its heyday would have held several hundred candles. Now it is dark and tarnished
The chandelier, viewed from close to, is not only badly tarnished, but smudged with large, earthy thumbprints
A slight current here nudges you gently northwards; it might be worth following it; but but you can also smootly slide in any other direction: northeast, northwest, west, southwest, south, southeast, east and up
Dimly visible in the watery light of the lagoon, the carcass of a wrecked ship looms below you, its ribs and masts like bleached bones in the water's relentless drift. But you can also slide in any other direction: northeast, north, northwest, west, southwest, south, southeast, east and up
The rotted hull of this immemorial wreck heaves and groans in the current. Above you shimmers the light of the lagoon
is like something out of an old music-hall act, though battered and stained with years of wind and rain
A stone pulls up alongside you. You realise that the stone is precisely what you are dropping like
A heavy hemisphere of thick, iridescent glass rests upon a massive immovable base to which it is locked by what appears to be a system of really tacky, cheap sliding plastic blocks. Probably if you had a sword it would be glowing blue at this point, but you haven't, so what the hell?
[]
The platform continues north and south here. The railway tracks lie east, while, beyond them, is another platform, facing this one. Steps lead up to a bridge provided for passengers who wish to cross the tracks
This is the northern end of the platform. The tracks curve around to lie to to the north of the platform, which also continues south.  A door marked "Private" leads off to the west
Regular users of the Mountain Loop Railway may laugh at the notion that a train may come along at any moment and flatten you. However, the fact remains that a train may come along at any moment and flatten you.  Perhaps you had better go south back to the platform before you go south for the winter - permanently
The Postal Depot was intended as a storage and collection point for postal packages, but has been turned into a general dumping-ground for all the stationmaster's junk, an extraordinary collection of which is lying all around the room. To the east you get back to the platform
This old, rotted rope is attached to the wooden hatch. Looks like you pull on the rope to get the food in the hatch. If there were any food in the hatch, that is. Anyway, you get the picture
is clearly marked PRIVATE, although it does not appear to be locked
This old buffer has, after years of contact with trains, become at least 50% train himself, as is obvious from the way he steams and puffs and whistles his way around his domain
This is the Larry Adler Special Chromatina, as featured in the movie "Blow Mah Organ, Big Boy". If you put it in your mouth and blow, it makes a happy sound. Same old story, huh?
is not of these parts, it is completely worthless here
Your dance is too ridiculous to believe
is wet, as is often the case with water
It's hardly the Orient Express, but it's neat and clean and obviously popular with the tourists
is 
is 
is 
is 
glimmers gently. One side bears the Aquitanian royal crest, the other reads 'Two Fergs'. An inscription around the edge reads 'Watchercallit-proof et tutamen'
The locomotive clings perilously to the single rail track which winds, almost vertically, around the mountain side. Far below, you can see the station, while the summit of the mountain rises high into the sky above
Harold Lloyd used to do his own stunts from choice. You cannot afford that level of choice. You can just about reach the carriage window from here. Are you more likely to kill yourself climbing in, or staying up here clinging on? It's your choice. You're on your own, buster
Try as you might, your eyes refuse to focus on anything more complicated than your nose. However, through this blurred vision, you can just see two figures bending over you; at least one of which looks vaguely familiar. The atmosphere is thick with a strange antiseptic odour and a machine, at the bedside, makes bleeping noises at annoyingly erratic intervals
is difficult to focus on. You are aware, however, of restraining straps which secure you firmly to its cold hard surface
secure each of your limbs to the table
A small green dot traces a jagged line across a persistent phosphor screen. Occasionally, the machine goes 'bleep'
stands at the bedside. Occasionally, she passes surgical instruments to the figure beside her
looks more like a used handkerchief
is spotless, apart from the odd blood stain
Cramped and bone-shaken in this tiny, pungent oubliette, you lose track of time altogether
You cling on desperately, retaining your grip against all odds
You are clinging perilously to the roof of the train. Its grubby, smoke-stained surface offers an insecure grip. Below you, you can just make out a window
You are on the bridge running east to west between the two platforms; below you run the railway tracks
There's nothing more depressing than a disused railway platform.  Rank weeds straggle between the cracked flagstones and an air of gloom and desolation infects this gloomy place. The other platform can be reached by going up onto the bridge
are a jolly bunch of tourists out for the day. They nod and smile at you in a variety of foreign languages
is a disgruntled, weedy, rat-faced fellow who looks like he's dying to pick a fight with a passenger
is a little loud, and distinctly out of fashion
is too close for comfort
is damp with sweat
I don't know what it is either, but it bears a striking resemblance to a power drill. Not the kind of thing you'd give the kiddies for Christmas; a hand-grenade would probably be safer
You can probably hang onto the roof for a while, although it would not be as comfortable as a first-class seat
says "No Busking _Whatsoever At All Anywhere_ On The Premises. Look You!"
Don't be ridiculous, they are intangible
is fitted to the ticket hatch, so that the old buffer can seclude himself from the world as need be
is miraculously transformed from its previous, stolid, wooden incarnation on the carousel. In short, it is marvellously, splendidly alive
is used for producing finer flour
has one too many holes in it for comfort
wriggle restlessly
This grandiose and boastful tower attempts to reach the sky
This passage is so narrow that one man could easily block it; a design feature, presumably. It leads west to the great archway, and continues downward from here
This small, warm room is so cosy that you would hardly believe that it was regarded with dread by centuries of prisoners and malfeasants. A splintered but stout door leads north, and the narrow passageway runs upwards from here
is nasty, brutish and short, depraved by the usages of his grim trade
This splintery but obviously solid door can only be opened from the gaoler's side
The inner hatch is designed to allow the prisoner to get at his food. Rumour has it that you'd be better off eating the hatch rather than the food, but it looks as though you would have difficulty lifting it, let alone eating it
The outer hatch opens onto the kitchen. When the grandees had finished gobbling in the hall, the swill and scraps would have been passed through the hatch into the dumb waiter, ready for the prisoner to collect
This huge grim grey, granite kitchen reeks of ancient cabbage, pig-fat and gravy, despite the industrial-sized fan hanging from the ceiling. A wooden hatch is set into the south wall, and a staircase, thick with years of grease and shiny with scullions' footsteps, leads upwards to the Hall
You are compressed like toothpaste in a tube into this pigswill-stinking compartment between two hatches, one inner hatch leading to the dungeon, the other outer hatch to a kitchen. In the good old days, at this point, a prisoner would have flung open the hatch and eaten you
This high, clerestoried vault is illuminated partly by the light streaming through the windows, but, more spectacularly, by the golden radiance streaming from a glass dome in the room's centre. The Tetragrammaton lies west of here
The Green Witch Jannedor is not a pretty sight; witches, however, rarely are, so you are not surprised. The greenish-livid tinge of her skin does not invite closer contact
is a nasty burnt black mess
is fairly shallow. The bottom is littered with hastily abandoned mining equipment
e
is intended to predict the local weather. Due to design flaws, it only manages to show the current state of the weather - unless it's foggy, when  you can't see it at all. An administrative cost-cutting exercise resulted in the figures being indistinguishable from the ground
It's an integral part of the bus-stop
is the result of the action of years of water and fish eroding the hull of this sunken vessel
The metallic gleam you saw proves to be a spare air cylinder, presumably abandoned by some long-gone bounty-hunter
Why are you in here? It's extremely cramped, and likely to get extremely hot
is locked from the outside
This better mousetrap was designed by an unknown genius to whose door the world never beat a path
The hole, examined close to, looks a little suspicious. The powder-burns around the edge suggest that the gardener has got a touch over-excited on one of his late-night fish-shooting trips
It's not easy to see what such a small bung could be used for. Bunging something, presumably
e
You enjoy a fine view over the garden which, in its turn, enjoys an equally fine view over you
is good for babies and drunks (though for slightly different reasons)
has been well-trodden by generations of scullions scuttling between the kitchens and the Hall above
has strange brownish stains on its surface from some long-forgotten catastrophe
represent half-men, half-beasts with long tails twined around their bodies, binding them to the walls
once held the Book of Hours for the witches' ceremonies. It is carved in the shape of a nightmarish horror even more terrible than a bank statement
show strange, almost Egyptian, creatures, neither birds nor men nor snakes
is raging in the workshop. Fortunately, it doesn't appear to be spreading
is a thin film of glistening gunk
is a plain, comfy-looking building which somehow suggests brown-paper parcels, cats, and old ladies with hair-buns and steel-rimmed spectacles
e
Looking down, you see that you are above a huge waterfall. "Pretty," says the voice, "eh?" Nowhere else to go here except to continue further
This old shop butts up against the towering weather clock which dominates the entire area. The shop has few points of note, namely a window and a wooden door. The only entrance to the tower appears to be via the clockmaker's shop
In the clockmakers' shop
can't do that to 
succeed in 
unable to do that 
too soft to 
cannot get a grip on 
break@
snap@
violence is not the solution.
nothing happens.
I don't follow you.
You can't see that far from here.
but 
what? 
on 
in 
must have 
can't do that with 
now 
fixed to 
does not have 
already 
closed.
open.
too heavy to lift.
nothing 
Don't be ridiculous,
carrying too much already to get 
totally inedible.
downright awful.
quite terrible.
sickeningly bad.
not at all nice.
good.
delicious.
almost magical.
some 
any 
a container.
empty.
-fool!
dead.
dropped.
taken.
already carrying 
can't go that way.
in the way.
jumping 
vaulting 
take off 
contain@ 
wearing 
too big 
no effect 
alight.
melt@
explode@.
not burning 
you 
are 
can't see 
there 
here.
won't let 
is wearing 
seem@
How nice.
push 
can't go there 
can't get 
together, they are 
into what?
won't fit 
carrying 
moving 
lowering 
smell@ 
like 
 
 
maybe
definitely not!
random!
already fixed
I don't understand what you're talking about!
It's too dark to see.
can't find a mouth
I don't understand 
I don't know how to 
Using dithered pictures.^
Using stippled pictures.^
what 
but the 
wasn't specified.
Bizarre!
^Please enter filename: 
the 
an 
and 
is 
not carrying 
I think there's a word missing there somewhere.
very sharp 
sharp 
wet 
Necrophiliacs not allowed entrance (to the dungeon)!
Oh, you saucy beast!
smooth 
rough 
hot 
cold 
slippery 
furry 
clammy 
soft 
hard 
warm 
none too happy about your actions 
thorny 
sticky 
ice cold 
crunchy 
Sorry, there was a problem with the load.^
Sorry, there was a problem with the save.^
got 
fixed to it. 
connected to 
anything.
fall apart.
seep@ away.
not 
defenceless 
defend@ with 
defeat 
not suitable
thank@ 
unconscious 
asleep 
an easy target 
off.
finish 
locked 
That was fun, what next?
interested 
Crunch - your teeth hurt.
won't move 
Ahem!
can't hear anything.
a permanent feature.
fit@ 
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
Useful hints are available in the packaging.
an interesting idea!
strange concept!
that's ridiculous!
you can't be serious!
I refuse.
do be serious!
I'm not going to do that.
You can't do that (yet).
That's not important.
Surely you jest?
 
 
munch, munch.
puff, puff.
now empty
only 
at the moment.
it 
he 
she 
her 
him 
they 
them 
must be with 
Don't hassle me!
Eh - 
There 
silent 
which way: 
advise@ you to visit your psychiatrist.
put on 
and you kill 
viciously beat@ you up.
connected to 
anything 
taste@ 
remove 
now inside 
already inside 
hit@ 
: ouch!
wake@ 
asleep
Time passes.
annoyingly slip@ from your grasp.
fiddle with 
for a while, then give up.
novel idea
I can't find it's mouth.
push 
together they are 
them all 
into what?
That doesn't concern you.
Why not say that to 
It is impolite to talk about people behind their backs.
If I thought, you thought, I was...
Hello.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
internal error: 
ferg@
for only 
give@ 
a funny look.
can't do that from here.
There doesn't seem to be anything 
rebuilt 
something 
which one
But there aren't any here.
are connected 
nowhere 
I don't know anything about that.
says 
please use, ask someone about something.
Talking to inanimate objects is a sure sign of madness.
here you fool!
I have no idea where @ is.
 
 
 
I don't know 
because of 
because 
?
That's not very nice:- 
for sale.
already yours. 
can't buy anything with that
strange fellow
Sorry - no deal.
so 
put 
on the ground 
can't carry 
to 
light 
I don't think that 
quite suitable 
can't unlock 
steadfastly refuse@ to be moved.
appear@ 
too much 
closed 
one thing at a time, Please.
Something you are carrying seems to hold you back.
tear 
to shreds 
too 
tough 
enough 
strong 
can't cut that! 
It's not that easy you know!
Mind reading would be useful, however...
There is nothing to read there!
I suggest you take a cold shower.
 
 
 
 
or 
 
 
 
 
But surely, you are mistaken?
 
 
 
 
 
none 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
no chance!
not really 
never! 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
I have no idea!
 
 
 
 
 
 
unlocked
no way in that direction 
I am 
weird 
where you can get one of those.
But I don't have 
"I don't see why not, you might as well have @ ."
Nobody hears you.
just what 
Click^
Squelch! 
Thud! 
very 
extremely 
quite 
heavy 
light 
large 
small 
too 
find nothing of interest.
have fun!
broken
give 
a big sloppy kiss!
just one thing.
sorry, I don't think those can be tied together.
can't reach 
from here.
can't take @ in there.
can't ride @ in there.
Whack! You hit your head on a low beam.
 @ stumbles and you fall off.
Are you talking to yourself again?
already 
You'll be lucky!
You won't catch me out with any of those trick questions!
It would take more than magic for you to ride in there.
not seated.
on your feet.
now sitting 
can't sit on that!
can't sit just anywhere.
not lying down
sit up.
already sitting on 
I don't see anything to sit on here.
in that context.
one of 
glare at 
Some magical force prevents this.
leap off enthusiastically.
has 
vanishes.^
as dead as a doornail.
If only...
burn@ away.
You have died.
However, I'll let you off.
You will have to be nearer, to examine it properly.
^Are you sure (y/n)?
^Do you want to quit or restart (q/r)?
^Ensure 'The Guild of Thieves' is in drive one.
I agree.
Sorry, I can't handle that many noun phrases.
Just checking.
Well it sounded like it.
No 
mine.
find 
get up.^
No, not to my 
not a sufficiently qualified member of the Guild of Thieves!
would probably reply if 
could.
about 
worth 
worthless.
probably 
of any 
me - 
priceless.
Bad width!
a suitable container.
seem@ much happier now^
ho ho 
I think you mean 
I know anything about @ ?
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Try something.
why don't you ask @ ?
Pardon?
 
 
You must be joking!
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
We've met before, you fool - Now get on with your job!
Hello there, isn't it a lovely day?
too heavy to budge.
Hello again.
Hello guru 1
Hello guru 2
Hello devil 1
Hello devil 2
Hello rabbit
contain@ something.
Something sloshes around in 
spill@ and 
vigorously for a few moments.
There is nobody here to bet with!
refuse@ your bet.
You can't be allowed to 
 just anywhere you know! Restrain yourself please!
Zzzzz...
You think a while about the deeper issues of life.
 tightly held.
Fishing here is a complete waste of time.
I haven't the faintest idea where to start looking for 
^OK. I'm here!^
A cursory glance at 
persuades you that 
of no importance.^
Unfortunately 
 beyond your reach.^
It's pointless, fooling around with 
You need to be closer to do that.
 not important.
What
Where
Who
 do you want to 
There is nothing to enter here.
Sorry, try that one again.
You will need more points to find that out!
 affected by 
might never arrive!
^Please enter hint : 
on.
Done!^
Graphics 
Textsize changed.^
Freehand 
Stipple 
Unable to find printer.^
Printer 
open failed.
^Please enter filename :  
Bad function key number.
Please type function key text : 
I think you mean 
^Are you sure you want to continue? (Please answer YES or NO) >
 
^
not interested.
"
This is a text-only version. Please refer to the packaging for details of hardware requirements and installation procedures for graphics versions.^
how many there are.^
are quite a few.^
is just the one.^
of them.^
dance a jig for a while.^
can't dance on 
dance up and down on 
for a while.^
a loony!^
does 
do 
not want to.^
can't dance here.^
ok, don't.
But you do not have 
But there isn't one.
I don't need 
, you keep 
can't hide on 
make@ a dash for 
hide@ 
there is nothing to hide 
a real wopper.^
, 
a 
ing 
must paddle somewhere.^
not in 
can't play 
play a little ditty on 
How ?
far too cramped to do that.
swim around a bit.
now warm.^
not whilst @ 
you miss 
you tire of waiting.
There is nothing suitable to 
you'd better not do that 
There is no such 
happy
angry
violent
asleep
unconscious
peaceful
excited
friendly
drunk
sad
tired
suffering
frightened
cheerful
mischievous

A real stroke of bad luck, that business with Mrs. What's-her-name and your car. Who would have thought that a trolley-load of budget dog-food could cause so much damage? And what was the old bag doing with budget dog-food anyway, when all she has is a budgie? Maybe she thought it said "budgie dog-food", but who would feed a budgie food made from dogs? Barmy, twisted old Mrs. What's-her-name, probably. Never mind. At least you caught the bus.~~A stroke of good luck, the bus; the walk home can seem endless, and of course it's bound to rain. Funny how good luck is getting rarer and bad luck more frequent, these days. Perhaps these weird Green Magicians have got something to do with it. On the whole, though, you reckon it's all idle gossip. You decide to be philosophical and not think about it. Best to try and stay upright (no seats available, as usual) and look forward to getting back home to your garden, your books and a spot of peace and quiet...~~~JINXTER. Copyright (c) 1987 Magnetic Scrolls Ltd. Remastered by Strand Games 2019. Version 2.0. And a jolly good version it is too! All Rights Reserved. We really mean it. No messing.~~
There's a gate in your way!
There seems to be a wall in the way.
e
Jinxter, by Magnetic Wossnames.
Fortunately, you have 
 points. Unfortunately you need another 
Please remove your disk.^
No.
Eaiou! Apsley sooper, ackshley! Yah!
Tucking you underneath the arm of his sodden herringbone overcoat, the guardian makes his way back to the surface. He drops you at the pagoda, belly-flops heavily back into the lagoon and, panting noisily, swims off into the distance.
is already leaning against 
The post mistress peers at @ then shoves it back to you. "Thought you'd fool me, huh, buster," she cackles; "well - looks like you fooled yourself. Hee hee hee!"
! While you were away, every single book has gone. It's like something out of a terrible dream. But it isn't a dream..
. A pair of secateurs is lying here, flung down, perhaps, when a sudden shower came on
You attach the spare aqualung tank, increasing your total air supply.
is now leaning against 
. A pair of gloves lies discarded on the ground
. In a corner of the field a bull greedily slurps and munches on a cornflower
The bull stamps, roars, snorts, paws the ground, and charges wildly towards you.
The bull eyes you up and down, and paws the ground experimentally. A different route might be safer.
I hope you know what you're doing!^
The bull hesitates, watching you with his left eye and the tablecloth with his right. You can almost hear the cogs going round in his "brain". Then he resumes his tremendous charge, but at the tablecloth, which he gores so furiously that it becomes entangled with his horns, blocking his vision.
The bank is too steep for your little legs to climb.
The door is shut!
There's no way out!
The flies come hatefully to life, buzz around your head, then vanish into the distance.
You beat a hasty retreat as the heat of the flames scorches your face.
The bus makes an unscheduled stop to allow a ticket inspector aboard. He begins to examine the passengers' tickets as the bus drives off again.
You are already.
^As you step outside your candle blows out.
You'd get torn to pieces on the barbed wire!
Carefully, you pick your way through the cut strands.
With the gloves protecting your hands, you can grasp the barbed wire quite comfortably.
Realising that the barbs are designed to slice through unprotected human skin, you change your mind. 
You almost cut through the wire but drop the secateurs; as you bend down to retrieve them, the last strand breaks and the taut wire whips back, exactly at the spot where your head would have been a split second before. Someone, or something, is looking after you... but for how long?
The secateurs are blunt!
You snip through each strand in turn, your grasp preventing the wire from lashing about.
The barbed wire fence has been cut, and is lying slack enough for you to pass safely.
^You hear a knock at the kitchen door.
^The sounds of irritable mumbling can be heard from outside the kitchen door.
^The mumbling and footsteps shuffle off into the distance.
The hot plastic moulds itself to the contours of the lock. As it cools the key becomes hard once more, and, with a quick twist, the mailbox springs open.
You force the warm key into the lock with some degree of success. Unfortunately, the plastic hardens too quickly and the key becomes jammed. Perhaps if the key was that little bit warmer things might have been different. But it isn't, and they aren't.
After an age, the telephone is answered. You explain to the voice at the other end about the missed delivery. "Ah yes," says the voice, "poor old Lebling's round. I'll get him to call back immediately." There's a click, and the line goes dead.
The steady 'Number Unobtainable' tone is all you get.
After an interminable number of rings, you give up.
All you get is an engaged tone. You probably dialled the wrong number.
"Yes? Emergency Services? We know this is a hoax call. All we ever get is hoax calls. So rat off, creep." There's a click, and the line goes dead.
It's your old friend Xam. "Hey," he says, "if you're coming over, could you bring the... hang on a minute..." You hear him calling "Who is it?", then he comes back on the line. "Get over here fast," he says. His voice is harsh with fear. "They're everywhere - all over the house - they must have..." There's a muffled scream, then another voice comes on the line. It says nothing; just laughs, very very quietly, before hanging up.
The postman walks into the garden from the orchard.
Poor old Lebling has appeared, standing in the doorway.
 He peers at you, breathing hard. "Yuss," he says, "well, see, this 'ere is for Mr Xam. You ain't Mr Xam. Plain to see. Can't give you the parcel. Yuss. Follow me meaning?" He turns the matter over in his "mind" for a while, then
The heat warms @ slightly.
Almost at melting point, @ becomes warped and mis-shaped. It looks like a totally different key.
The heat becomes too much for @ which melts, forming a shapeless blob.
A large cloud appears, performs a series of aerobatic manoeuvres before your eyes, and comes to a halt, looking pretty pleased with itself. You hear a voice in your head say "What ho! Jolly good show! Wizard, what?"
. A book lies on the floor
"Aquitania Postal Service - Notice of undelivered parcel. ^Our representative was unable to deliver a parcel addressed to you. Please dial 300 to arrange re-delivery ~Reference #045-776-86662-921-7/ZZXA55b"
You clamber inside the oven. Outside, you hear heavy footsteps. The familiar voice of the baker booms: "Where has that young bugger gone? Blimey; suppose I'll have to do it myself." The door slams shut and there is a click as the oven is switched on.
Some of the yucky bilge has already congealed into a lump of foul cheese, floating repellently on the surface.
You'd better put the canoe in the lagoon first.
You begin to dial, then realise there isn't a telephone here and hang up whatever it was you were dialling.
You'll have to dial a number.
But the oven door is closed.
You disconnect the spare tank.
Without warning, the lavatory lid starts flapping as a ghostly stench and raucous laughter fills the room. The washbasin belches blood as, with mounting horror, you see the claw foot of the bathtub reach out and slash at your leg. Muscles, veins and tendons spill from your ripped trousers, and just as you are beginning to think that this is all a bit over the top, the scene  fades, returning you and the room to normal.
Suddenly the bed begins to move, forcing you against the wardrobe, which swallows you and slams shut. You hammer on the door without avail; the tramp of seven tiny pairs of boots approaches and then the wardrobe is tilted on its side and carried away. A raucous chorus starts to sing: "Hi ho, hi ho, it's off to work we go..."~You hear the sound of shovels on earth, but just as you are almost expiring with terror, the noise stops and everything returns to normal.
Shouldn't we be holding our little tool in our little hand first?
Excellent. Only 1277 more and you can make a papier-mache Ronald Reagan, indistinguishable from the real thing.
The fire goes out, leaving some ash. "'Ere!" shouts the publican, "I can do without that sort of thing!" "You'll have to, now!" you shout back wittily.
has burnt away to nothing.
The match flares into life.
It's now completely dark.
Typical summery garden sounds surround you.
Typical summery garden smells surround you.
The inspector glances at you suspiciously and says, "That was your stop. Tell you what, get off at the next one, and I'll say no more about it."
Suddenly you notice that a colossal, sweating, red-faced chef has emerged from the fridge, stropping a huge meat-cleaver on his leathery forearm. He stares at you greedily and begins to sing: "Tiptoe/Through the kitchen," he bellows, "With me meat-hook/And me red-hot cauldron...." and seizes you by the hair. You hardly have time to notice that he looks exactly like Oliver Hardy when you feel his chopper slice through your skull. The next thing you know, everything has returned to normal.
The magpie is rehearsing and resents your presence. Deciding to buy you off, he turns and rummages among his possessions. You catch glimpses of jewels and bright gold, but all you end up with is a pair of old spectacles.
Leave them alone or you will spoil them and then you'll be sorry.
^The match lights but a gust of wind extinguishes it.
A sudden surreptitious movement draws your attention to the bookshelves. Miraculously, your precious books have reappeared... but as you reach out to take one, it flies from the shelf with a high-pitched buzzing scream. One by one the books take to the air and circle around you, shrieking like angry bees. The sharp edges of the pages cut you about the face and hands as you wildly try to fend off the crazed, airborne, literary vortex. One book, more vicious than the rest, snaps wildly at your nose and severs it completely before flying off into the garden and burying itself in the earth. Just as you are recalling your mother's strangely prophetic words - "Nose buried in a book, as usual!"  things return to normal and your books are gone as though they had never been.
Something frightful is happening to the wicker chair: it is swelling and bulging like a frog in a blue blazer... heavy, bottle-bottom spectacles appear on its ghastly, mustachioed "face" as it looms above you, talking interminably in a penetrating, alliterative whine. Suddenly you realise you are in the grip not of a wicker chair, but a WHICKER chair -- yes, the dreaded TV personality Alan Whicker is here in your conservatory. As you watch in horror, the dreadful Whicker flickers, fades and shrinks down to a tiny white dot which, with a little "Plink!", turns into a wicker chair again.
It can only be opened from the outside.
Although the bus has long gone, you can hear the sound of distant whistling. The tuneless sound gets louder and louder and you notice to your horror that the wall has somehow softened, and is bellying out into the shape of a gigantic pair of pursed lips. The hooting, crooning whistling threatens to burst your eardrums as the huge, wallpapered face of the ticket inspector stares out at you with unearthly malice. Suddenly, without warning, the noise stops and the wall returns to normal.
lies woodenly on its side, like a fish out of water
The cloud shimmers slightly, and you hear a voice in your head. "Right," it says, "jolly good. Scramble! Good show! Gosh - hope I don't have a prang! Wizard!"
One sniff is enough to tell you that the flying mustard will dissolve your nostrils.
The wind soughs in the trees.
You bang your head on the wall repeatedly. (Magnetic Scrolls Ltd. makes no warranty, express or implied, that this activity will knock any sense into you whatsoever.)
Suddenly the air takes on a menacing violet tinge; the branches of the willow reach out and clasp you tightly to the tree's bole, while the gloves which were lying on the grass spring to life and grasp the secateurs. The gloves fly back and forth in front of your face, snipping and snapping menacingly. Just as you are feeling a bit of a prune, everything returns to normal.
The window looks in on a small back room. An oil lamp hangs above a tall metal stool.
You can hear a clearly intellectual magpie, singing Shostakovitch.
The boat smells sourly of very dead fish and oysters.
The wind whistles gently across the water.
 which is blocked by a large mound of dirt
The water goes "Splosh, splosh" and the little fishes outside go "Tootle tootle tum tum". (How long, O Lord, how long...?)
You are hampered in your efforts by something else you're wearing.
The match has already finished its work on earth, and has taken early retirement.
The passage is completely blocked by a mound of dirt.
It is no more possible than walking on water.
You're not suitably equipped for swimming. Besides, the water looks very cold.
^An enormous, bulging baker is standing here, munching steadily
The inspector is busy persecuting other passengers at the moment.^
Some means of propelling the canoe might help!
To go somewhere in the canoe, you must paddle it in a direction.
In case you hadn't noticed, there's an incredibly annoyed bull down there and we're not going to extend the definition of adventurous to include foolhardy.
Unfortunately, the bull is coming from that direction!^
disappear@ from view.^
The bull peers at @ with his tiny red eyes for a few moments before returning to his meal.
^The knock is repeated, but louder this time.
hits the bull squarely on the head. He is suitably provoked.
The inspector moves along the bus in your direction.
"Tickets please," the inspector says with that particularly irritating brand of cheerfulness adopted by officials when exercising their authority.^
"Excuse me sir," says the inspector, tapping you on the shoulder, "but I need to see your ticket."
A note of intolerance edges the inspector's voice. "Look, show me your ticket, or I'll have to throw you off."
The inspector shouts something official at the driver and the bus screeches to a halt. The doors open and the inspector hurls you off.
The bus comes to a halt beside a bus stop and the automatic doors open.
But you're already in the house.^
The customers don't seem interested in intelligent discourse.
The wheel grinds round and you hear a click from the airlock door.^
The hearth is stone-cold and depressing.
"Don't try and crawl to me, you young whippersnapper! Never say no to a free beer though, cheers."
, 
You forgot to flush the airlock! The water in this room gushes away down the passage.^
You jump from your perilous perch to the safety of the platform.
"Har har har," laughs the guardian, "I'm immortal."
You land with one foot on the girder and promptly lose your balance. Gravity is now playing a major role in your life.
The dragon emits a colossal blast of searing flame, burning you to a crisp.~* You have died *~Actually, nothing of the sort happens, but that's the sort of dragon game you like to play in the bath.
Donk.
The hatch won't open, no matter how hard you try.
The chamber floods with very wet water.
The water is slowly forced out of the chamber by compressed air.
Oh! no- You'll flood the whole place! The airlock starts to fill with water.
You feel as if your lungs are bursting...
A feeling of euphoria comes over you as someone else's life flashes before your eyes.
You appear to be drowning.^
Vile unearthly laughter echoes around you.
The water has reached 
your ankles.
your knobbly knees.
your scraggy thighs.
your beer belly.
your pigeon chest.
your scrawny neck.
The water is way past your nasal passage.
Is it an unearthly gust of wind from beyond the tomb, or merely some passer-by walking over your grave that makes your hair stand on end...?
Absolutely nothing happens.
Absolutely nothing happens.
. The room is full of water
The door appears to be dreadfully stuck...
With a gentle sigh, the aqualung gives up the ghost.
 Your air supply is currently at 
% of capacity.^
empty.^
You won't last long without an air supply!^
BANG! A door slams in the empty house...
As you peer beneath @ it starts collapsing on top of you. You withdraw your head in time to avert disaster... but oddly enough @ feels quite stable now.
The fridge hums a happy refrigerator refrain.
You thrash about wildly but get nowhere
No, no, no. Silly. You sit down again, just in time.
The guard peers out of the window and stares at you gloomily. "Right," he mutters, dragging you inside and locking you in the guard's van. "Tap dancing. Dog's life. Dear oh dear..." he whimpers, and potters away.
O how horrid and nasty. Ugh!
You remember that that's the number for Directory Enquiries, who are never, ever there as part of the new Customer Service policy; so you put the telephone down again.
"'Allo, beeg boy!" says a seductive voice. Morally outraged, you hang up at once.
"Directory Enquiries," says a voice, "how did you find our direct line?" You are so shocked that you hang up in amazement.
You hear the characteristic sound of a bull masticating a cornflower.
There's an almighty creeeaaaaak, but 
Moving easily and silently in its runners, 
There's a loud bang and a whiff of cordite as the crazed gardener rushes past you cackling wildly, a bag flung over his shoulder, and heads off into the distance. Panic-stricken he even loses a lot of his stuff without noticing.
The crazed gardener is sitting on the waterfront, oiling a large machine gun. Only when you are right behind him does he notice you; then, with a cry of "Capability Ruddy Brown!" he runs off into the distance, leaving a small bag behind in his confusion.
 open for the sale of tickets, and the stationmaster can be seen grunting  over his handbook of regulations
The Post Office door swings closed silently.
 firmly closed
^The bell jangles as the door swings shut.^
Summoned by the bell, the postmistress materialises silently from heaven knows where and stands in position behind the counter.^
He easily avoids @ with an official manoeuvre (No. 188382/a/22 - "avoiding @ thrown by passengers.")
The inspector calls after you, saying: "Oi! You forgot these!" He tosses a bunch of keys to you. Hopelessly uncoordinated, you fail to catch them.^
You are powerless against the gushing water.
^The sounds of less enthusiastic whistling come from outside the front door.
The train pops out into the light like a cork from a bottle
A damn fool thing to do, trying to stand up in a tunnel.
It would help if you removed the match box from @ first!
He grimaces horribly at you, in what is intended to be a welcoming smile. "Good afternoon," he sprays through a mouthful of lemon curd; "how may I help you?"
Up ahead, the track snakes around the mountainside in a vicious hairpin bend.
Is there, or isn't there, such a thing as centrifugal force? As the train careers wildly around the bend, you will soon find out.
Yes... there IS such a thing as centrifugal force, and it has thrown you off the train.
The train finally grinds to a halt and the guard says, "Mountain Top_!. All change please, exit on the left."^
The oven goes quietly about its business. After a while, a gentle "chuff" suggests that the process is complete.
standing behind the counter
The door closes, ringing the bell.
The door swings shut.
"Oh whacko!" bellows the cloud, "Nice to see you again, old chap! Downhill all the way! Wizard!" Before you know it, you are back at the village green.
^"Oh gorsh," says the cloud, "Probs, what?" You notice that it is shrivelling up as it sheds rain. "Increasing altitude, y'know. Spot of precip., eh?" it mutters pathetically, "Jolly bad sh..." And before you can do anything, you are sitting on the ground in a small, sad puddle.
With a splash, the canoe lands in the lagoon.
You smear the oil on 
 reappear@ in your hand.
 shimmer@ slightly.
The runners are now free of rust.
The runners shine brightly now, just like the old days.
boil@ away.
burn@ to a crisp.
burn@ away.
melt@ away.
The door's runners have been thoroughly lubricated.
"Bloomin' things. Bloomin' special offers and awaydays and seasons and a lot of nonsense. Don't know where you bloomin' are, half the time. Sometimes I bloomin' hate this bloomin' job..."
"Messy smelly noisy bloomin' things. Spent all me life with them. Never liked 'em. Why can't people stay put, that's what I want to know?"
Finally the train arrives back at the station. The guard hurls you from the guard's van and dumps you on the platform with a gloomy smirk.
. A rather old and battered looking bus-stop is the only feature
Rats! The hot ash burns your fingers and you wisely desist.
alight.
now extinguished.
"To whom it may concern:~If this falls into your hands, they've got me. Doing this for the sake of my father's honour. Got to reassemble bracelet. Been keeping this moving round the postal system. Safest place. Shopkeepers up to no good. Can't write more; I think they're watching.~XAM"
Try as you might, @ won't budge.^
Bubbles of air rise around you, but nothing else happens.^
You can no longer close it because of the flood.
You cannot budge the door, due to the water pressure.
"Don't see what they bloomin' see in it, myself. Rushing around in their bloomin' leisurewear and bloomin' rucksacks. Wouldn't have happened in my young day, I can tell you."
"What, music and dancing and such-like frippery? Won't have it. D'you hear me? WON'T HAVE IT! Fair drives me bloomin' mad, it does."
"What, that old Nelly? Bloomin' moaning minnie, never a kind word for anyone and only happy when he's chuckin' people orft the train."
"Oh, my oh my, you'd be surprised what can go wrong with tickets, oh dearie me, yes, you may think everything is just hunky-dory but to an expert like me there'd be all kinds of technical irregularities and then of course I'd simply have to throw you off the train!"
"Oh, it's not the train I mind. It's every Tom, Dick and Harry who thinks he can travel on it just because he's got a ticket, they're the ones that annoy me..."
The coin falls into place with a click.
"That lot? The girls are the worst, come on here dressed like... well, I say dressed but really it's indecent, and none of them ever give me a second glance, just because I'm ugly." He snuffles for a moment in self-pity.
Drums crash and rattle and steam bursts from the pipes as the organ starts to play. The carousel turns, the animals rising and falling. You begin to feel dizzy...
The calliope is playing "Corporal Popper's Lonely Lungs Society Orchestra," a Sixties number which never quite made the charts.
"Oh, all for it, in its proper place. Drives that crusty old sod of a station-master mad, though - hee hee hee!"
"That old bugger? No time for him, no time at all, just a big intolerant bully, and don't think I don't know the things he says about me behind my back, because I do, so there." He sniffs haughtily and turns away.
"I... think..." he says, very slowly, "That... if... I have to answer... any more... silly questions..." (he puts his face very close to yours) "I... shall... go... MAD!"
With a satisfying little sequence of mousetrap noises, the mousetrap sets itself. It is now ready to catch a mouse.
The mousetrap makes a series of mousetrap-setting noises, then a little disappointed creak. Perhaps you should think again about mousetrap-setting.
 The mousetrap is set and poised, as it were, to spring.
 Not being set, this mousetrap offers no threat to mice.
No. No. No. I am NOT going anywhere near that mousetrap.
Two indistinct voices can be heard.
The voices sound pessimistic as regards your chances of survival.
The machine is ominously silent at the moment.
The place reeks of antiseptic.
You jump off the bridge onto the train roof below.
^Oh-oh, that was presumably an impolicy. Somehow, you don't feel quite as lucky as you did.^
The train has arrived at its destination, and the Guard releases you from captivity.
A wise move, but a tricky one. Alive to the danger of your situation, you twizzle your legs perilously through the window, retaining an insecure grasp on the roof. Then, just as it seems certain that you will fall beneath the wheels, you execute a deft twist and half-leap, and shoot in through the window. Well done.
"Right," mutters the stationmaster to himself, "might as well close up for the day, put me feet up, have a cuppa. Fair enough? Fair enough." Without further ado, he slams the hatch shut.
What sort of idiot puts a holed canoe in the water? You?
"Oh, yurss," says the guardian, "oh defnly. Right. 'Narmean? Dunno, as it were."
"Werl," says the guardian, "it's... they're... we've... er..." His voice tails off pathetically and he stands picking his nose for a moment in gloom.
"Werl," he mumbles, obviously playing for time, "I was down the old frog-and-toad having an apples-and-pairs and I sez to the old Hampton Wick, I sez, 'Give us a bottle-and-glass in the old hot dinner and I'll Aristotle any tit-fer-tat in the boat-race'"... He realises he is being rather unconvincing. "Dunno," he adds despondently, "'Narmean?"
"I'm with you there, Squire," he murmurs.
It's a bit bunged up already.
"Out!" shrieks the guard, pushing you off the train; "Out out out!"
The stationmaster says, "Sorry, we only accept Fergs."
The unicorn springs to life, shaking the saddle free. 
High above, you can see the unicorn hovering.
Alas, you are thrown off @ in the process. 
The unicorn, becoming tired, sees the lush grass here on the mountain top and slowly descends nearby to begin grazing.
grazing nearby
The unicorn bucks, throwing you off, onto the ground.
The moment the saddle touches the creature's back, he freezes and stands quite still; he is turning slowly back into wood.
Once again, the unicorn trembles and shudders as life flows through his body.
Been reading "101 Uses For A Dead Wossname," then? I hope you have the courage of your convictions.
The storm breaks as streaks of lightning arc across the cloudy sky.^
The stormy atmosphere is lifted as the lightning stops.^
The heavens open and rain begins to fall.^
The rain stops abruptly.^
A sudden wind turns the shower into driving rain.^
The wind picks up.^
The wind dies down somewhat.^
Clouds drift into view threatening to reinforce the rain.^
Stormclouds begin to gather on the horizon.^
The clouds begin to break up, and the rain eases off.
The clouds drift away.^
The doors close and the bus pulls away.
The bus sails past a bus stop.^
"How vile," sneers the inspector. "It'll make your teeth crooked, too, you know." 
After studying the ticket briefly, he says, "Neverending Lane eh? That's only two stops from here. Enjoy the countryside!" Returning your ticket, he begins to whistle.
The inspector simply won't stop whistling tunelessly. You wonder what on earth he is so happy about.
"It's okay sonny, I only need to see it once." he says.
He turns to you grumpily. "Hang on," he says, "What's the hurry? One at a time." He hands a ticket back to one of the other passengers.
Okay, so you got to the end. There's ALWAYS one isn't there. What do you do for an encore? Eh? Walk all the way back, that's what, har har har!
The mailbox latches shut, locking itself.
. The sun weatherman is on this end of the beam
. The rain weatherman is on this end of the beam
 the sun weatherman
 the rain weatherman
. He is carrying an open umbrella
Some movement from the clock above attracts your attention.^
The beam pivots, taking @ 
 inside.^
 outside.^
 and yourself
You clamber onto the end of the beam, where you sit, holding onto the wax figure.
You have wasted many moves getting here. Do you really want to be blown to buggery into the bargain? A hidden voice in your head says, "No! Put it down at once, or I'll kill you." The hidden voice is your mother's so you obey unhesitatingly.
The bomb is confused.
That block has nowhere to move to!
The blocks and lights on the dome look something like this:-^
As the blocks slide into their final position, the lights begin to flash; the potent magic guarding the bracelet collapses, and the glass dome shatters into hundreds of shards.
 a 
Down you go, with all the aerodynamic elegance of a slab of beef. You land with a thud - a dull one, to be precise.
You float to the ground, just like Mary Poppins.
The Guard rushes up to you, his face purple with rage. "No busking on the train!" he shouts, "No busking on the train! Stop it at once, or I'll scream!"
"Right! That's it," says the guard as he grabs you. "It's the guard's van for you..."
As you enter the conservatory, the telephone in the library begins to ring.
Your telephone is ringing.
The ringing stops.
You get a dialling tone.
As you bend to pick up the keyring, a sudden tremendous roaring fills your ears, like the roar of the sea. It is not, however, the roar of the sea, but the roar of an inhumanly, abominably, unfairly colossal bus. Your response to this hideous threat to your existence is to stand immobile with your mouth hanging open.^
The document is knee-deep in coffee stains, doodles and unfinished games of Hangman. Beneath the caffeine and ink, however, the plight of Aquitania is outlined in a superb example of bureaucratic gobbledygook, the essence of which is as follows:^The legendary Turani Bracelet, the source of Aquitania's good fortune and that which undermines the power of the evil coven of Green Witches, has become separated from its five charms. In this disassembled form its power is no longer a match for the witches. Jannedor, the head of the coven, was instrumental in the demise of Aquitania's luck and now hopes to seize control before the bracelet can be reunited with its charms. The Guardians, who have been administering the luck since the untimely demise of Turani, have due to a lack of administrative resources decided to co-opt a member of the general public as Special Consultant to the Investigative Sub-Committee of the Inter-Departmental Steering Committee of the Working Group of the Standing Committee on Administrative Administration and Internal Affairs.^In short: You've got the job of finding the five charms, re-uniting them with the bracelet and zapping Jannedor into oblivion.~Gloomily, the guardian watches you read. When you have finished, he swallows his last bit of sandwich.~"Horrible stuff," he says, grimacing, "processed. What's the point in being immortal and godlike if you can't get a decent bit of cheese. Or," he adds, almost as an afterthought, "if you can't sort out wossnames. Witches. Eh? Anyway, that's your job. Reassemble the bracelet of Turani, turn its amazing occult wossname, force, on Jannedor, save civilisation as we know it. Piece of cake. Should be finished by teatime. Off you go. I'll try and keep an eye on you - might even answer a few questions if you're lucky - but you'll have to take pot wossname, 'narmean? Luck." ~He begins to shimmer and fade. "Lucky for some, innit?" he mutters as his image grows fainter, "Gawd knows when I'll get my supper..."~...and with that final, heartrending cry ringing in your ears, the figure is gorn.^
says, "Do me a favour. Read the er, wossname or I'll never get home in time for supper."^
Ding!^
The other passengers look at you with some annoyance; they obviously aren't getting off at the next stop.
The driver turns and glares at you as if to say: "These ears work you know".
The bus screeches to a halt and the driver stalks down the aisle towards you, the word HATE written across his face. "I don't have to drive this bloody bus, you know," he hisses. "I'm a qualified brain surgeon." He looks at you meaningfully, then  returns to his seat, muttering curses under his breath, and resumes the journey.
There's a strange smell here. It's one of those smells that you can't quite place - and perhaps you never will.
The driver turns to point to the sign behind him, and, in doing so, almost swerves off the road.
The passengers look the other way and ignore your attempts at conversation.
Ah! That was a relief!
You try but give up as you don't need to go yet.
The lavatory flushes noisily.
What jolly fun this is! And now we're on the floor with a bruised fundament! Hooray!
^You are now breathing through the aqualung.
 opens Xam's mailbox, puts the parcel inside and closes it again. "Yuss," he  says once more, before making his way back across the orchard.
wrestles briefly with the mailbox before realising it is locked. He mutters what sounds like "Moron me Jobsworth", tucks the parcel under his arm, and huffs off across the orchard.
bobbing up and down in the water
Everything is now underwater and you can swim around like a happy little cod.
A bell jangles in the doorway.^
Surprisingly, @ topples over.
Oh dear... the airlock door wasn't properly shut. Now the whole place is flooding rapidly.
 and a 
 there is nothing at all to ride; how strange!
.
"Like a nice fresh glass, Sir?" asks the landlord. "Well you can't have a nice fresh glass. We haven't got no nice fresh glasses. Finish your drink and I'll re-fill your nasty old glass." You look at him in irritation. "A pleasure, Sir," he beams smugly.
prances proudly
Wow! This is strong stuff! 
undulates unctuously
dances dangerously
wallow wearily
flashes frantically
A confused roar of revellers alerts you to the fact that the pub is open.
But the seats are all occupied.^
"Staff only in the kitchen," says the baker, "Them's the rules."
The baker looks you over carefully. "So. You're interested in the job, are you? A touch scruffy, perhaps, but you'll probably do. There's some dough ready to be baked downstairs. Pop it in the oven, bring it to me, and I'll let you know whether you've got the job."
The roses smell like onions, a problem you have yet to resolve.
The baker smells the bread, prods it with a huge dirty thumb, breaks off a piece and licks it, then stuffs the whole thing into his mouth. You can hear (and, alas, see) the entire process; it's a bit like watching an out-of-control cement mixer.
The baker takes a healthy bite out of the loaf, and you can hear the sound of teeth smashing. In disgust, he hurls the loaf of bread at you, which  flies through the door, bouncing across the village green. He stares at you with loathing. "The sign," he snarls, "said 'Smart Lad Wanted'. If I'd wanted a moron, I'd have said 'Moron Wanted.' Get out of here! Go on!"^Grasping you by the collar, he throws you out into the village green.
The baker recognises you. "Don't call us," he smirks, "we'll call you."
The baker gives a howl of incoherent rage and throws you out.
An overpowering aroma of freshly-baked bread assails your nostrils.
The landlord pulls you a pint with about as much pleasure as if he were drawing his own blood (which, judging by his appearance, would be more alcoholic than the beer).
. The landlord stands behind the bar, brooding
Beer, tobacco, old dog and wet mackintosh.
You are now leaning on 
As you leave, you hear a rush of air and turn to see the unicorn flying away.
Hurriedly, you scramble back onto the platform, out of the train's way.
 Are you tempted to ride? Be daring, or leave!
. Upon the carousel, 
Hiss! @ boil@ away.
It is leaning against 
shudder@ violently for a few moments.
"You?" says the baker, "Give a weirdo like you a job? Look at you!"
sink@ like a stone.
She stares at the open safe. "Ratso!" she squeals, "Jiminy! Holy Spleen of Buddha! Help! Perfidy and crime!" Then, more prosaically, she closes and locks it again.
She stares at the safe in horror. "Ho!" she yelps, "Larceny! Cry havoc! This is a job for poor bloody Lebling," and chucks you onto the village green, wiry old bimbo that she is.
 @ points the finger of scorn at you.
is sulking and won't serve you.
snaps "Gimme, buster!" and snatches the charm from your hand, secreting it in some inviolable place about her person.
 @ falls out again.
melt@.
Don't be wet.
These are new watchercallit-proof issue coins and it just won't work. Tough.^
Well, if you think it will help. The ladder is now upside down.
twitches violently for a while, before becoming still once more.
 He takes to the air, rising slowly up into the sky above.
Nothing obvious happens.
The window looks in on a small workshop. Inside, the room is engulfed in flame.
^No time for that now. There is a squeal of brakes, followed by a sickening dull cliche as a small dog (which was innocently munching on a passing  microscopic space fleet) is propelled into the Land Where Doggies Are Eternally Blessed by a large bus. You, on the other hand, are propelled to the kerbside by a firm grip on your collar, and, when you recover your so-called "senses", you see a large, pot-bellied figure in a herringbone overcoat hovering a couple of feet above the pavement munching a cheese sandwich.~"It's a dog's life," says the figure, a little tactlessly in the circumstances, "Sacred Coconut of this, Holy Banana of that, Magic Axolotl of the other. Dunno why I bother, really. Never see the wife and kids." He pauses reflectively and brushes a few crumbs of processed cheddar from his moustache. "Mind you," he continues, "can't stand the sight of the wife and kiddies, so I suppose it's not too bad."~He looks at you with mournful vigilance. "I am one of the Guardians. I am currently attached to the Department of Turani, Sacred Charm subdivision. Wouldn't believe I was immortal, would you? You wouldn't look at me and say 'Stone me, a bleeding immortal being, God-like in his majesty?' Werl... there you are, then. Which is why we need a mortal. Heard of Jannedor? Jannedor the wossname? Witch? Causing a bit of aggravation, spot of bother, 'narmean? I have here an official document as will clarify the ongoing position at this point in time."~He hands you a document.^
^You are about to die! Your job is to come to terms with the situation. It's pointless to try to 
The guardian 
fiddles irritably with a loose herringbone on his overcoat.
. Almost hidden among the tattered and fish-gnawed ruins, you spy for a second something gleaming and metallic in the half-light.
"Shove it, buster!" says a muffled voice from beneath the counter.
Unfortunately, you just cannot separate the oil from the water. Maybe you can think of a cold-hearted approach.
says "It ain't free you know!"
^"Oh, good show!" the voice murmurs in your head; "If only I were feeling a touch more... animated, we could pop orf for a spin, eh?"
^There's an ominous creak, followed by a really, really ominous creak, and a snap, and a whoosh, and a crash, and a little squeal. The little squeal is yours, as you realise the fan has crashed to the ground, missing your head by inches.
The glint and sparkle of a coin being thrown into the well attracts you. Before you can catch it, it disappears below you with a distant plop.
There is a loud crash as one of the other customers plummets into the well, using you to cushion his fall. "Shorry", he saysh, as he climbs out again.
Merciful heavens! A dreaded rat is here! Oh no it isn't! It's gone again! Well, well, well!
You are rudely disturbed as someone decides to take the opportunity to relieve himself down the well. Mind you, it could have been worse.
. There are two Gothic doors set into the far wall. You begin to realise that the architect of this place had something of a one-track mind
The fat baker waddles downstairs, shouting "Get on! Get on! Haven't got all day!"
He spots the debris from the flour sack. "Hey! What have you been up to?" He  starts searching you, and all your belongings. 
He waves @ under your nose. "Trying to sneak off with this, eh? Nasty little thief! Get out!" He drags you to the door and throws you out.
After a while, he gives up, obviously disappointed.
^The baker trudges around behind you.
The baker says, "Give that here!" He removes @ from you.
The baker says, "Look, show me the bread, so I can see if you're going to be any use."
already occupying the only place under the rope.
under it.
"Right!" says the voice, "Orf we go! Contact!" And with a climbing turn, the cloud flies off, climbing for a while before flying toward a huge waterfall.
removes a lump of wax from his ear and peers at it with mild surprise, as though he was expecting to find something entirely different.
glances at his watch and shuffles impatiently. "Come on," he mutters, "read the bleeding wossname. Some of us got things to do, 'narmean?"
says, "Remember what happened to the wossname, dog? Wouldn't be hard to arrange... if you follow my meaning."
is showing a certain boredom: he has removed his shoe, and is peering into it as though it conceals the secret of the universe.
leans close to you and begins murmuring a series of intricate and baroque threats which, if you follow his drift, could mean dire consequences for you if you don't get a bleeding move on, know what he means?
looks you over for a moment. "Immortal," he says suddenly. "Know what it means? eh? Everlasting; without end; death-defying; for ever and ever, and all that stuff. No? I'll tell you what it means. It means that I can stand here longer than you can, right?" He tugs at his moustache thoughtfully for a moment and adds: "Means I won't be home by teatime though."
mumbles something about a cheese sandwich.
regards the back of his hand. Presently he shrugs his shoulders and says, "Makes you think, dunnit."
^You have a crashing hangover!
^You are feeling slightly Brahms and Liszt.
^You feel rather drunk.
^You're totally ratted.
^You are completely smashed.
^Your brain cells are dying faster than lemmings off a cliff. 
You bang your head on the floor as you attempt this difficult feat.
It seems very difficult all of a sudden!
A pink elephant wanders over, and whispers that it might not be such a good idea at the moment.
 @ turn@ into several, and it's difficult to focus on any of them.
 @ dance@ in front of your eyes in an interesting fashion.
There's nowhere to go but down, and you're doing that already!
The guardian cruises up alongside you.^
"Problems, chief?" he enquires nonchalantly.
"Ah, sorted it out eh?" he says, swimming off into the distance, "Saves me the bother I s'pose." 
The light's not so good here. Let's go upstairs, and show it to me there.
Gloomy old sod. We've always had gloomy old sods in this pub. It's a sort of gloomy old tradition.
Erm... it's a sort of building, and you give the man money and he gives you beer. That's roughly how it works.
A bit cloudy, but then for one Ferg a pint what do you expect? Thunder and ruddy lightning?
Charm? Charm? What do you mean, charm? You one of them ruddy woofters, then? We don't go much on charm round here.
The key doesn't quite fit.
^The bread disintegrates into charred crumbs.
The trapdoor is closed!
 @ falls out!
He peers curiously at you. "Nice shade of blue that, your face," he says, with an astonishing lack of humanity.
After a while, a bunch of tourists stroll by;
 they stop to watch you for a while.
The tourists peer about, looking for somewhere to make a donation,
 they gaze at you, obviously deeply disappointed in your performance.
Presently, the tourists walk away.
You are obviously even worse than the tourists thought; far from making a donation, they reach into the hat and steal your coin.
For a moment, it looks as though the tourists are going to make a donation; but then they look into your hat. Whatever they see there makes them change their minds.
Your expertise as an entertainer bears fruit; smirking smugly, one of the tourists drops a silver coin into your hat.
You'll need to be a bit more entertaining than that if you want to busk here.
"Aqualungs," he says, with just a hint of sarcasm. "Useful devices you know. You ought to try it sometime." Strapping the aqualung to your back, he heads off into the distance with a well-practised breast stroke. 
^The ground is getting closer.
A familiar figure, suspended below the canopy of a parachute, swings into view. "Long way down, innit?" he remarks, helpfully.
With the smug expression of a fig-leaf salesman who has just stumbled across an apple core in the Garden of Eden, the guardian casually enquires: "Interest you in a parachute?"
Strapping a parachute to your back, he says, "Naw, only kidding. Lucky I carry a spare eh?" With the harness secure, he pulls the ripcord and the canopy unfolds, filling with air. Unfortunately, your stomach, being unaware of the finer points of sky-diving, continues at its previous rate of descent. A few moments later, much to your relief, you touch down on terra firma and the parachute winks out of existence.
No.^
The straps restrain you.
Afraid you'll have to tapdance there, Mr. Astaire.
Sorry, but the hatch is closed.
Your brain rapidly fills up with misleading nonsense, and after learning more about the Aardvark than you wished to know, you replace the book before you fall asleep.
Look, it's a twenty five foot drop. Surely, things can't be that bad? Just think, you have your whole life before you: new and exciting things to do; strange and exotic places to visit; people to meet; hearts to break. There's a whole world out there, just waiting to be grabbed by the throat and milked for all it's worth by Mr. Right. What? You're not Mr. Right? Oh, sorry. Forget everything I just said. What the hell, jump. See if I care.
Better to wait until you visit the dentist.
Something, somewhere, collapses noisily. Perhaps you aren't quite as alone in the house as you thought...
A wee timourous sleekit mousie pops into the kitchen to root among the mess. Seeing your ugly mug, he wisely pops out again. Pop!
Without the proper footwear, you'd be doing a soft-shoe shuffle, which went out of fashion years ago.^
Your tap-dancing is terrible, but fortunately nobody notices.
Perhaps you ain't got rhythm but your shoes certainly do; 
 tap-dancing wildly they jump about and dance a snappy number in front of you for a while before moving off by themselves into the distance.
your feet are dancing and you cannot stop.
Hell, you dancin' fit to bust already - cain't stop nohow, neither!
You raise the harmonica to your lips and begin to play, astounding yourself with your unexpected virtuosity.
. Nearby hangs a rope which appears to be attached to a wooden hatch
The rope isn't long enough to reach the door.
. There's a rather nice fly bath here; you and Xam spend many a happy summer evening watching the little flies disport themselves with merry cries and fluttering of wings. In the winter, of course, they all go up Dead Fly Wood and snuff it
Which spell?
You cannot move freely enough here to cast such a spell.
The doofer spell wears off and the shoes stop dancing leaving you weary with exhaustion.
Your busking eventually bears fruit. Just as your lips are beginning to wear out and your feet to fray, you hear a hoarse cry of rage from the stationmaster's office. "All right, all right," he bellows, "You win. I'll sell you a ticket half-price. Anything to get rid of you."
The stationmaster peers gloomily at your proffered Ferg. For a moment, it looks as if he will have to sell you a ticket, but then his little eyes light up. "Ah!" he cries "I jes remembered, tickets is 2 Fergs on account of where today's date times the telephone number of the engine-driver's cousin is less than my missus's birthday to base 13. It's in the rules, see." He smirks abominably at you, gratified to have thwarted yet another paying customer.
You have completely ruined the stationmaster's day. In deep depression, he jabs at the gadget in front of him, tears off a ticket and hands it to you in silence.
A gust of wind catches you unawares and flicks the ticket out of your hand. The ticket sails gracefully eastwards towards the platform.
The wind dies down long enough for you almost to grasp the ticket, then, almost wilfully, gusts again and whisks the ticket further along the platform.
It's touch and go now: you are touching the ticket, and the train is ready to go. You grab the ticket just as the train, with a piercing whistle, moves off. The locomotive is bearing down on you and gathering speed rapidly; you just manage to scramble away as the hot breath of the engine blasts against you. Panting with effort and trembling with fear, you watch the train recede into the distance. Although it is still moving relatively slowly, it's unlikely that you could run fast enough to catch up with it.
The carriage door is back along the platform.
A group of tourists wanders past.
 is up.
 is down!
She looks surprised: "You don't need to pay me for anything!"
Unfortunately @ moves up.
Strangely, @ clicks down.
^There is a barely audible click from deep in the safe.
"Not so fast, buster, not so fast," she snarls, "pay your bill before I takes any more orders."
The postmistress takes @ , and slaps it down on the scales. 
The baker suddenly rummages through @ , and comes up clutching the charm.
You cannot remove the shoes whilst you are dancing!
Why the rush? The train is still here (though for how much longer, there's no way to tell).
Heart pounding and lungs bursting, you charge up the tracks after the rapidly-accelerating train.
With a final burst of speed, you leap forward and claw wildly for a handhold on the train. For a terrible moment, you seem certain to fall, but the guard - who has been waiting at the back of the train - extends a hand and hauls you aboard. 
^"All aboard!" shrieks the guard, and with a screech of whistles, a slamming of doors, and much huffing and puffing, the train begins to pull out of the station.
Alas! Not to mention alack! The train has gone without you.
^After a while, the guard approaches to inspect the tickets.
"Right," flounces the guard, "Let's be seeing your ticket, then."
"Look," he says, "let's not have a scene. Show me the ticket."
"Listen, flowerpot," says the guard, "if you don't have a ticket I shall really have to throw you off. Just like that. Poof!" He stands there, arms akimbo, looking petulant, gloomy and malignant, all at once.
"Right," snarls the guard, "that's it. I've had enough. You're not getting away with it. Just because I'm not good-looking, you people think you can take me for a ride." He bursts into tears, and his misery seems to increase his strength; he drags you off to the guard's van and locks you in.
The guard takes your ticket and scrutinises it carefully, hoping to find some technical invalidity. He then hands it back to you. "Thank you," he says, deprived of the opportunity to exert his authority, "Thank you so very bloody much."
"What's this supposed to be," says the guard pointing to 
"Bang-on, buster. You're a pleasure to do business with."
As the postmistress surfaces from under the counter with @ in her hands, poor bloody Lebling sticks his head round the door. She gives @ to him, with directions as to where to take it, and he scurries away.
"Already seen it," says the guard gloomily, "thank you very much, I don't think."
"This some kind of a joke, wise-guy? There's no such address. Here - take @ back and address it properly."
"Excuse me," he says, taking the sack away from you, "You won't be needing that to bake the bread."
"That," she sneers, tossing @ back to you contemptuously, "ain't getting you nowhere."
The postmistress bursts into tears. "Nobody never gave me a tip before," she blubs happily.
Ferg@ dead, kid." She takes @ and places it behind the counter.
A pained voice from the scales says "Oof! Sheer blubber!"^
The scales boom "
 tharg@ precisely!", causing you to remove @ in a hurry!^ 
Jannedor enters the room and totters towards the fireplace. So obsessed is she that she doesn't notice a loud crash from the kitchen. Noticing the ashes, she pokes her skinny greenish claw up the chimney and starts groping about for her crystal ball.
She shouts "Lebling! Get your damn butt in here!" She bends down and fumbles around behind the counter for a while, looking for something...
"Hands off, dude, or Lebling'll blow you away!" snarls the postmistress.
You are already face down on the top of the train.
You lie flat, face down on the top of the train.
As the train winds it's way ever upward, a tunnel in the distance catches your eye.
I don't wish to alarm you, but the tunnel is very low, and almost as close.
You will now have to come to terms with the fact that you are on the roof of a train which is just about to enter, at high speed, a tunnel with a very low arch.
A wall of wind hits you as the train rushes into the tunnel, which offers minimal clearance. You lie as low as you can flat on the roof of the train, gripping onto whatever you can.
The Guard says, "If you haven't got a proper ticket you'd better get off." With a grin of satisfied malevolence, he pushes you off the train onto the platform.
You daren't!
You get up, daringly.
Expecting to wake up and find yourself dead, you are a little perplexed when a tentative attempt at opening your eyes reveals a small, brightly lit room. The surroundings are strange and unfamiliar, sounds of muffled voices reach your ears, and your limbs feel constricted and remote. The only thing of which you feel at all sure of at this point is that you are naked and strapped to a cold hard surface.
Gradually, the room stops spinning and the voices become a little more distinct. Unable to move, you decide to lie still and listen for a while.
"Swab," says a male voice. "Swab," replies a female voice.
"Scalpel," says the male voice. "Scalpel," replies the female. A shadow looms over you and you catch a glint of light on naked steel as the instrument is lowered towards your body.
"Anaesthetic," says the male voice. The nurse covers your face with a mask; the room resumes its spinning antics and you feel somewhat dizzy.
"Wossname," says the male voice. "Wossname," replies the female. There is a loud clunk followed by a mechanical whirring sound. You brace yourself as the device is lowered towards your cranium. Luckily, the anaesthesia overcomes you at this point, rendering you unconscious once more.
bleep  
bleeeeep 
bing bleeeeeeeeeep 
Your optimism is highly commendable. It is, however, no match for a solid concrete tunnel. Slamming into the tunnel, you pass out.^
^A tiny charm is left in the sieve!^
You sift through the flour carefully.
You wonder about the difficulties posed by heavier-than-air flight.
You were quite right about the difficulties of heavier-than-air-flight. Under your present circumstances, they are insurmountable. You therefore fail to surmount them, hit the ground, and pass out.^
^After an indeterminate passage of time, you regain consciousness.~
^The machine next to the operating table goes 
The ground trembles in sympathy as the hooves of the advancing beast power into its sodden surface. Suddenly, the earth beneath the bull gives way, leaving it with no alternative but to drop into the newly formed hole.^
The gaoler here wakes up and sees you, 
"Not you again", says the gaoler gruffly, "How the hell did you escape". He then grabs forces you back into your cell, slamming the door after.
Think what a phenomenal mess you would make!^
There's an almighty crash, a confused 'moo' and a hoarse cry of alarm, then a head pokes out of the hole, clad in a miner's helmet. "Don't give me all that bull," says a voice from beneath the helmet, then laughs hilariously and disappears underground.
"You're not getting anything more out of me," he snarls. "Just use your loaf, laddie."
Pretty hot stuff, eh?
Everyone kneads dough...
Just a doughboy. Says he works hard, but his job's a piece of cake. I hear his wife's got a bun in the oven...
The best, bar none.
Put it down to bitter experience.
You know their motto? "I drink, therefore I am."
tall enough, the candle overbalances it and falls out.
The candle is now directly underneath the rope.
The candle flame soon burns through the tattered rope.
The hatch slides down with a crash.
the inner hatch slides down; simultaneously, the outer shutter opens, and you are free. Relatively, that is.
Interesting... as you pull on the rope, the shutter rises to reveal one of those little "dumb waiters". That is to say, a little space with another shutter on the far side. It looks as though the outer shutter closed by means of some interlocking mechanism as the inner shutter opened, probably so that the unfortunate prisoner could get at his food without ever being able to glimpse the outside world.~After a few moments, the weight of the shutter becomes too much for you; you let go of the rope, and the hatch crashes shut.
You raise the shutter with the rope, which is now long enough to reach the manacles. Once tied, the taut rope keeps the hatch shutter open.
You put @ underneath the rope.
Unfortunately, it falls over.
There's no space, the rope hangs to the ground.
You decide to slide block 
there is no block with the number 
 written on it.
surrounded by fragments of glass
Ouch! You prick your fingers on one of the glass fragments in the attempt.
Carefully you pick up the bracelet and shake off the glass fragments.
Wow! That was a neat idea. You blow the fragments away from the bracelet.
 bob@ up and down on the surface.
Xam makes a mad dash for the door, shouting "I'm free, I'm free!" His shouts stir the sleeping gaoler. "How did you get out?" bawls the gaoler, catching hold of Xam. He summons a guard and tells him to take Xam to Jannedor. Turning to you, the gaoler blows you a raspberry and slams the cell door shut.
Unfortunately, the door can only be opened and closed from the gaoler's side.
The worms utter little cries of wormy delight and burrow into the pile of dirt. After a few moments of frantic activity, the dirt mound looks much looser.
You clear the loose dirt away with little effort, revealing a passage to the east.
It's too tightly packed for you to make an impression.
Released from confinement, the worms wriggle away.^
On balance, they're a good thing.
We are only here to serve your delivery requirements. You say 'post this to there' and we oblige. That was a paid announcement. Now tell me what you want before I set the cat on you, buster.
The postmistress fixes her gaze with yours. "Hey, toots!" she bawls. "Yeah, you with the nose. What's your game eh? Cattle rustling? Well, this sure ain't the prairie mister - this is a Post Office. Here we do things my way. What I say goes, gettit? And what I say is this: post something somewhere, or get out. Them's the rules, bud."
Poor bloody Lebling. Over the hill. Reckon we're going to have to shoot him, before long.
"What ho!" says the cloud; "Here we are, then! Wizard! Good egg!"
The dragon shudders as life courses through its veins, attempts to incinerate you in a searing blast of flame, fails (being new at the arson game), and flies off in a fit of pique.
The pelican flutters its feathers as life courses through its veins, attempts to eat the entire carousel, fails, and flies off looking for something to store in its beak.
The fire engine shudders as life courses through its engine. Before your very eyes it grows to be life-sized and attempts to extinguish you. It fails, however, and roars off noisily to look for a hydrant, leaving behind a ladder.
The walruses waggle their moustaches as life courses through their veins, eat the state carriage, belch happily at each other, and waddle off into the distance.
Honestly, I've had about as much of this as I can take. No. Do you understand me? NO.
Poor guy hasn't been the same since he got a dart in his arm the day the gardener shot the hang-glider and his wife ran off with that Chinese hypnotist from the bacon factory, but I'm not one to gossip...
One-horse saloon; no dancing girls, no poker game, nothing at all.
Don't drink, myself. I'm not one for spending good dough getting pie-eyed.
My lips are sealed. Just ask her about the postman, that's all.
His rock cakes have been banned by the Geneva convention.
Very sad, very sad, her and poor ole Lebling, they had a bit of a thing - until he had his operation. Very sad.
It's too far for you to just step across.
You'd never make it along the beam without falling off!
The matches are cheapo safety matches.
It doesn't fit, sorry. A mite too small. Not a lot, I'll grant you, but enough to cause you to retrieve it hastily before it drops through the hole.
Aha! Snug as a bug in a wossname.
^Bursting into the kitchen, the guardian pants: "Which way did it go? Which way did it go?" He dashes out in hot pursuit of whatever it was.
is too large to fit in the hole.
Xam wakes, bleary as usual. Then he realises it's you. "Free at last!" he yells, "Free! Free! Free!" Inevitably, the noise wakes the gaoler, who peers into the cell. 
"Oi!" he yells, "You! Right!" He summons a guard who drags Xam off to Jannedor, then turns to you. "Oi!" he yells, "You! Right!" He hurls you against the dungeon wall, blows a violent raspberry at you, and slams the door.
The unicorn is high up in the sky, way beyond your reach.
"O blimey," says the stationmaster, "You wear your feet out and blister yer bleedin' lips so as I give you one half-price... and now you want to pay the full fare? You must be off your lid."
It is truly said that you do not buy beer, you rent it. Your lease on this particular helping has already expired.
has a lapidary glint, as though concealing something
conceals a tiny charm; from the muddy thumbprints, you deduce that it was hidden by the crazed gardener in a fit of virtue
The chandelier is right up near the ceiling; you'll never reach it from down here.
But the phone is ringing!
^You replace the receiver.
You lift the receiver and dial.^
The guardian says, "I can't see a wossname here."
drop@ straight through the hole and out the other side. Hastily you retrieve it.
The mailbox quivers with delight and flaps its lid provocatively. A shiver runs down its pole as it leans towards you making soft cooing noises. God, it's so cute you could scream. With a swift over-the-shoulder glance to make sure that no one is watching, you pucker up and close your eyes in anticipation. Abruptly, the moment is shattered as the mailbox rumbles in a deep basso voice: "Sod off, pervert."^The mailbox stiffens and resumes its former stance.
gently sways in the water
Tut.Tut.Tut. I wouldn't touch that. The canoe might sink.
Now. How do you expect to remove the bung when it is trapped by the sock in the hole. Really. If you want your bung back for something else: get the sock.
You can only SEE the water here. It isn't actually IN here. See? Good.
You blew up the bakery, remember? There's nothing left of it.
now in the water.
You hear a whizzing sound and 
You find yourself deeply baaed and fall asheep, waking a few minutes later feeling rather sheepish.
You must be joking.
. An old bottle has been caught up in the weeds
You freeze the fluid, the water turns into ice and the oil drips 
but because it is full, it seeps away.
flushed away.
Being the neat and tidy sort of person, you wash your hands throughly.
away.
It's terribly yucky and you don't want to touch it.
After a brief consultation with your feet, you change your mind.
The Frog and Giblet occupies a three-page entry in the 'Not that bad if you haven't anywhere else handy, Pub Guide', and rightly so.
. A glint catches your eye, the sort of glint a two Ferg coin might make
The fire sputters and dies.
You can't reach the fire from here.
Sorry, please try again.
~Along with Jinxter came a copy of Independent Guardian. We would like you to tell us a word that is in it. Counting starts at one. Columns are the logical place for that column to start. For instance on page 8 column one starts with the words 'This issue ..'column two starts with the words 'IG: That's all'. Punctuation and blank lines are ignored.^So please enter the word on page 
 line 
 word 
.
 column 
^Please enter this word:  
. A bunch of no-good customers are lounging around having what they believe is a good time but isn't really
. His head is crowned with a battered old top hat
The well is just about large enough for you to climb into.
Thanks a lot!
The bakery sells a variety of breads and cakes.
Some idiot appears to have demolished the bakery.
^Please remove your jinxter disk and reset your machine.
The guardian enters from the hallway and regards the phone with some distaste. "Sorry about this," he says. "It's probably the wife. Always pestering me at work. Can't get a moments peace, 'narmean?" He answers the phone.^"Look," he says to the caller, "how many times have I told you not to call me at work? What?... Who?... Oh? Hang on." He hands the receiver to you. "It's for you," he says, "chap by the name of Xam." Leaving you holding the phone, he departs.^
e
e
keeps saying things like 'Yus' and 'really wossname'
The guardian ambles up beside you. "Nice here innit?" he says. "Yus, really wossname. Nice."
The guardian turns to leave. "Too bloody nice for my liking," he complains, strolling off into the distance. "Next thing you know, I'll have to bring the wife and wossnames, kiddies, here for a picnic. Not bloody likely, I'm off."
"Canoes," he says thoughtfully, "don't work with holes in 'em, 'narmean? Now if you was to bung the hole up with sunnink big enough, it might help some."
standing beside you, conducting an imaginary orchestra
A rustle from behind alerts you to the presence of the guardian. He enters on all fours and stands, ear cocked in appreciation, beside you.
The magpie pauses for breath during the most intricate passage of the piece, whereupon the guardian breaks into spontaneous applause. "Amazin," he says. "If only there were more people with the classical wossname, education to appreciate such works." He departs the bush, as the magpie, obviously annoyed by the interruption, resumes the song.
He puts a finger to his lips and whispers, "Shhhhh, I'm trying to listen, and it wouldn't do you any harm to do the same, 'narmean?"
fiddling with the mailbox
The guardian strolls into the garden and begins to fiddle with the mailbox.
With a swift kick directed at the mailbox, the guardian shrugs his shoulders and departs.
"Nasty cheap plastic things," he says. "I had one once. Trouble was, we had this heatwave see, and the bleedin' key melted. Wouldn't fit the lock after that, 'narmean?"
staring at the door
The guardian sidles into the boathouse and taps you on the shoulder. "'Narmean?" he says nodding towards the door.
The guardian wanders off.
"Badly maintained, innit?" he says. "A spot of lubrication would work wonders, 'narmean?"
prodding the dirt
A shadow falls across the floor. Turning, you see that the guardian is standing behind you. "Don't mind me," he says brushing some loose herringbones from his overcoat. "Thought I'd just drop in, see how you were doing, 'narmean?"
"Well, I'll be off then," says the guardian making his way back up the steps.
"Packed solid innit?" he says prodding it with a finger, "Even a worm would have trouble getting through that, I dare say."
listening to his watch
The guardian wanders into the room and points an accusing finger over his shoulder towards the clockmaker's shop. "Bleedin' rip-off merchant," he rages as he straps his watch to his wrist. "'No discounts for immortals'," he says, ridiculing the clockmaker's voice. "I ask you, what does an honest working being have to do around here? Eh?"
"Look," says the guardian listening to his watch. "Look, it's stopped! What's this place coming to? Eh? Eh? A simple repair job, that's all it was. And what happens? Five minutes later it stops. Stops! I'm gonna sort that geezer out once and for all." With that he ambles off towards the village green in search of the clockmaker.
"Long way up, innit?" he says. "Dare say you'd need a ladder to get up there, 'narmean?"
staring at the view. "Cor," he mutters from time to time, "'narmean?"
You hear a brief but friendly grunt and turn to see the guardian standing beside you. "Nice day for it," he says, peering at the view. "You could see Sumatra from here," he adds, "if we was anywhere near Sumatra. Which we aren't, of course." He sucks his teeth meditatively.
"Werl," says the Guardian, "can't stand around here all day. Got to buy some sardines. The kids is buggers for sardines." With a rustle of herringbone, he is gone.
"Ah," says the Guardian, "werl... it's all a question of weather you want to go out on a limb, if you follow my meaning." He looks thoughtfully at the sky. "Bloody charming," he mutters. "Could be in for a spell of rain..."
is dangling precariously beside you
Without warning the beam pivots, and you are carried back inside the clock tower. Inexplicably, the guardian is lurking inside the tower; he jumps aboard and the two of you are swung back outside as the mechanism comes full circle.
"Werl, must be off," says the guardian relaxing his grip on the figurine. He drops towards the village green below, flapping his arms furiously. A second or two pass before a distant, and slightly Doppler-shifted voice, reaches your ears: "Do me a favour?" it pleads, "In future, remind me not to jump off tall buildings on Fridays will you? Bleedin' parachute's at the laundry, innit?"
"Read that thing by Fred Hoyle," he says, "'The Black Wossname, Cloud'. All about a cloud which was alive. Mind you, don't see how that would get you anywhere..."
pottering about aimlessly, waiting for fun and jollity to come his way
The guardian wanders in, looking for a good time.
Having failed to find a good time, the guardian disconsolately wanders off again.
The guardian fixes his gaze on the fire. "Marvellous invention," he muses, "bloody marvellous. Where would we be without it? Eh? Frozen, that's where. Probably still be huddled in a cave somewhere, 'narmean? Anyway, it's not all good news; think of all the ash and wossname. Nasty business. Mind you, ash does have it's uses too, 'narmean?"
is trying to look inconspicuous
A tourist in a herringbone overcoat sidles up alongside you. "Pssst!" he hisses, prodding you with a finger, "Pssst! It's me! Like the wossname, disguise?" he says, pointing at his Japanese camera. 
The 'tourist' wanders away, pausing periodically to photograph several really interesting bits of the platform.
"There's one sure-fire way to get a ticket out of that old buffer," he says, pointing towards the stationmaster's hatch. "Did you see the wossname, sign, he put up about busking? Eh? Werl, he HATES buskers. Can't stand 'em, 'narmean? Catch my drift? Follow my meaning? Nudge nudge, say no more? Eh?"
shouting instructions to his Sherpas
"This way lads," comes a voice from behind. You turn to see the guardian leading a team of Sherpas towards the edge of the precipice. "Right, over you go," he says directing them in a generally downward direction. "Head for the castle, I'll be right with you. Just catch me breath for a moment."^He pauses beside you, breathing heavily.
"Wish me luck," the guardian says, swinging himself over the precipice. With that, he is gone.
"Werl," he says, "it just so happens that we're off to the castle ourselves. I'd take you along, but there'll probably be a lot of floating around and general 'guardian-type' stuff like that along the way. You'd never make it. Anyway, enough of this horsing around, I've got to saddle up and be on my way, 'narmean?"
mumbling about sub-standard accommodation and swindling travel agents
Out of nowhere, the guardian appears. "Strewth," he says, grimacing at the surroundings. "Last time I go on a package holiday. 'Four star accommodation' it said in the brochure. Wait till I get my hands on that travel agent." He begins to inspect the room.
"Werl, I'm off," mutters the guardian. "And, if I were you, I'd do the same. Oh, I forgot, you can't can you? Har har har." He leaves as mysteriously as he arrived.
"See that hatch," he says pointing. "Suppose that's where the food comes from. Not exactly a candle-lit dinner, is it? Bet the food's a bit ropey too, 'narmean?"
moaning about permanent lunches
The guardian wanders into the Post Office and stares at the unstaffed counter. "Bleedin' typical." he says, "Doesn't matter what time of day you come, there's never anyone around. Permanent lunch break, that's what it is. Dunno what the world's coming to, I really don't."
"Strewth, I may as well bugger orft to the office canteen." he says, "Maybe by the time I've failed to get a sandwich there'll be someone here. Huh! " He trudges off, muttering to himself.
"Who do you think I am?" he snaps, "A professional safe-cracker? Eh? I haven't got a bloody clue how to open it. Not a clue."
e
The guardian saunters along the bridge towards you. "Go on, jump." he says prodding you in the back. "It's easy, watch..." He leaps off the bridge and hurtles downwards towards the railway tracks. Shortly before the inevitable crunch, you hear him mumble: "Now for the tricky bit..." There is a distant thud and a stifled moan followed by a muttered curse: "Hmm, didn't expect it to be that bleedin' tricky."
e
e
Well, if staggering towards the bar is what turns you on, don't let me stop you. The bar, however, does.
The management regrets that there is no direct entrance to the tower that way. This is for your comfort and safety. Thank you.
The train is in the station.
spare
spare
spare
The stale, greasy smell of generations of high-cholesterol food and low-hygiene cookery assaults your poor schnozz.
The cloying smell of old woodsmoke and ceremonially spit-roasted bureaucrat are among the odours that offend your blameless snout.
Aha! That's for you to decide about, isn't it?
It's getting more than a little warm in here.
After a little experimentation, you find that alternating between your left and right leg as a means of support prevents your feet from burning.
The oven begins to make strained creaking noises. You, on the other hand, begin to make strange squeaking noises.
The alternating leg trick is no longer sufficient and you now resort to jumping up and down as a means of relieving your feet. Unfortunately, this has the annoying side effect of bruising your head, since the oven is not particularly tall.
An incredible explosion rips through the oven, hurling you through the bakery roof at high velocity. Accompanied by assorted kitchen utensils and domestic appliances, you find yourself at the top of your trajectory, high above the village green. Things can only get worse.
Far below, you spot the guardian pottering around the green. You perform a quick mental calculation regarding your position relative to his, rotate your left arm through 15 degrees and sneeze. More by luck than judgement, your calculations were spot on and you land on top of him, breaking your fall. Dazed and confused, the guardian crawls away making strange gaga noises.
e
You feel 
totally down on your luck.^
reasonably lucky.^
fairly lucky.^
incredibly lucky.^
really amazingly lucky.^
"Blllpht mmmnngh," he says, "phllsht nnng gacksht ogghhorror agggch 'lllch whsplsht gooo." He gulps like an anaconda digesting a particularly juicy missionary, then looks at you. "Well?" he says, "Didn't you hear what I said? Not bad, come back tomorrow and we'll see what we can do."
 There is a bone-shattering crack as his teeth smash into something.
begin@ to cook.
The key doesn't fit anymore.
The mound looks much looser now that the worms have been at it.
Who knows what nasty diseases you might pick up? I do, that's who. So, in the interests of hygiene, you're not drinking that water.
You bump into one of the passengers.
Please do not walk on the nice flowers.
"Whacko! Top-hole! Feel full of beans, now!" 
"Oh, bad show," says a voice as the cloud falls to the ground with a frozen thud.
"Oh, bad show," says the cloud, "but I wouldn't want to let you down, don't you know? All a question of - oof! - makin' an effort, what?"
^Despite your weight and the biting cold, the cloud struggles valiantly on, muttering "never say die" to itself as it climbs slowly upwards. Finally it comes to a halt outside the station.
^"Good show!" says the cloud, "Ready for take-off! Rolling!" It moves away from the tower.
The route is blocked by hedgerows.
You'd fall off the edge.
The holly is too dense in that direction.
The waters look a little treacherous in that direction.
The terrain is too steep in that direction.
The trees are too dense to allow passage.
There's not enough room to swim that way.
It's too risky to move in that direction.
The sides of the carriage are in the way.
There are railings in the way.
The platform comes to an abrupt halt in that direction.
"Oh jolly good show!" says the frozen cloud. "Why not hop on and come for a spin?"
"I say!" shouts the cloud, "Steady on, old boy!  Weight-and-balance, you know! Spin! Spiral dive! PRANG!" The cloud somehow contrives to rummage around in your belongings and throws out 
An egregious hogo compounded of sock, cheese, toe-jam, effluent, borborygmi, rot, plague, dissolution, death and Sir-reverence assails your poor shrieking nostrils.
won't budge.
Wrong. Wrong. Wrong. That was a BAD move. Bet you're wishing you'd gone through the other door aren't you? Well, it wouldn't have helped. Not one bit. The fact is, you just weren't lucky enough to get out of this scrape. Not this time. Not here. Not now. Had you been a little further up on the luck scale, so to speak, perhaps things would have been different. As it is, they're not, but you are, different that is. You're out of luck. Totally. Completely. It's all gone, and so have you. Goodbye.
^...Oh, tough. Oh, really really tough. Guess who's just come in? Jannedor. 
You can hear a fearful fracas taking place behind the doors.
Incoherent shouts of rage like "Shut your gobbogue, green hag!" and "Sez who?" and "Sez me!" and "Goodnight, Sooty!" reach your appalled ears.
do 
any
one 
where 
thing 
sink@.
They have a lovely, natural, twee feel to them.
Astonishingly, the postmistress has a weak spot, and dead mice is it. With a raucous shriek of "Goddamn!" she rushes out of the room.
Guess who has just been unfortunate enough to be recognised by Jannedor? Correct: You have. Now, given her enormous power and the fact that you are relatively weak, you might think that, at this point, you've more or less had it. Wrong. You have COMPLETELY had it. Goodbye.
The first thing that hits you as you walk in is a solid wall of mutual rage blasting from the balcony, where Xam and Jannedor are arguing furiously.
She gropes around vaguely for a while, then stomps off towards the kitchen. kitchen.
The mist clears. You see within the crystal Jannedor coming in from the balcony. She stares in horror at the table, bereft of the crystal ball, then begins a frantic search of the Castle. She ends up in the Great Hall, where she glances at 
Jannedor enters the Hall and walks towards @. Just as she reaches it, a colossal crash is heard from the kitchen, and she rapidly heads off towards the source of the noise.
 It is spick-and-span.
The withered greenish claw of Jannedor, like a pallid snake, appears and writhes questingly around the chimney.
^Suddenly, the snake-like claw strikes. You are dragged from your hiding-place to confront the enraged Jannedor.  Just as you are beginning to think that your luck has completely run out and it's all over for you, your luck completely runs out and it's all over for you.
spare
The crystal ball mists over nicely; then, before a future can become clear, the ball becomes clear.
jumps to life, eager to please, but unsure of precisely what you want it to do. After a moment, unenlightened, it returns to its inanimate state.
You have a strange certainty of foreknowledge.
There's a terrible crunch as your teeth smash into something hard and you hurriedly remove the charm from your mouth.
hits the closed window and drops to the ground. Looks like the glass is unbreakable.
hits the lamp 
which falls to the floor. The clockmaker hurriedly recovers it before any damage is done.
but doesn't disturb it unduly.
which crashes to the floor. Oil spills from the burning lamp and the room is soon engulfed in flames. Hearing the noise, the clockmaker returns to his workshop and, confronted by a wall of flame, he shrieks in horror and runs towards the door. Flinging it open, he hobbles off at high speed towards the village green.
The clockmaker looks towards the window and sees you. He rushes across the room shouting  traditional Yiddish obscenities and closes the window shut.
"Alright, already," moans a voice from inside the shop. "I'm coming, I'm coming." Through the window you see the clockmaker leave his workshop and shuffle out towards the main shop area.
A key turns in the lock and the door opens. Squinting in the light, the clockmaker complains: "My life, can't you read, my boy? A notice I put on the door, and still they come knocking." He points a shaky finger towards the notice, and slams the door in your face. Through the window, you see him enter the back room and resume his work.
"Oi, you," says the publican, "Yes. You. Out. You know what I'm talking about. You're barred. Out."
The old codger is a trifle deaf. He doesn't hear you.
Look. You're not going to like this. You're not going to like it at all. All right. The facts: you put the bracelet on Jannedor's wrist but there weren't enough charms on it so... she got you. Sorry. Let's skip over the details. It's hard to say goodbye, but: Goodbye.  You blew it.
As you clasp the bracelet securely to the probing wrist of Jannedor, an unearthly wail fills the air. The very foundations of the castle seem to tremble beneath your feet. A sudden tremendous roaring fills your ears, like the roar of falling masonry. It is not, however, the roar of falling masonry, but the roar of an inhumanly, abominably, unfairly colossal bus. Your response to this hideous threat to your existence is to stand immobile with your mouth hanging open.
disappear@ from view for absolutely ever. That's it as far as @ is concerned.
is too small for you to climb through.
There aren't enough!
says, "I'll have that!" and snatches the glass from your hand.
. A tall stool stands just inside the workshop
. The romantic image, alas, is somewhat spoiled by the thousands and thousands of dead flies which crunchily carpet the floor of the wood. Now you know where the damned things go in the winter: here
covered in a frosty sheen and look@ much colder now.
The stool is too hot to hold, and you drop it quickly.
You are now animated. You don't look animated. You look worried. How odd.
Ooooh, ta ever so, dearie.
creak@ and groan@ a bit, but nothing else happens.
That would be terribly, terribly dangerous and so the answer is no.
You go numb. No change there then.
Nasty nip in the air today, isn't there?
acquire@ a frosty tint, but it soon thaws away.
You get a nasty case of frost-bite.
It would help if the ladder were leaned against something!
You scramble up the ladder. Nearing the top, you come across a minor problem: there are no rungs to allow further climbing.
 There is no alternative; you climb back down.
From your vantage point atop the stool, you easily reach the rungs. A short climb later you find yourself at the top of the ladder.
As you step from the ladder to the girder, your foot slips sending the ladder crashing to the floor below.
Unfortunately, there's nowhere to go.
The rungs at the bottom of the ladder are missing and you're not high enough to reach them.
You clamber onto the stool.
But you are already!
Unfortunately, the bus driver fails to stop in time, and there is nobody to rescue you. The last thing you see is a small dog, munching happily on a cheese sandwich which has just come its way.  Then you are run over.~Congratulations.  You have died.~No, really, you are dead. Really really dead.  We mean it.  This is NOT A JOKE.  You have died. Just accept the fact.~You still don't believe it, do you?  Perhaps this will convince you:~~
It's too hot!
Alas, bareback unicorn riding is not possible. You fall off with a thump to the rump.
Firmly seated upon the saddle, you rise into the air with the unicorn, which, after a brief and comfortable flight, settles gently upon the parapet of the Castle. "Welcome to the parapet," you seem to hear it say, "and we hope that you will fly with us again. Have a nice day."
You change your mind, realising that @ would slide straight off (or through) the cloud again.
Due to undocumented features, this spell will not operate at the freezing point of @.
Jinxter - Copyright (c) 1987 Magnetic Scrolls Ltd. ^Version 1.30^
You better leave it alone. @ is already loosing shape and all you will get, is an unformed blob.
Before disappearing you hear him shout, "Dude, you know how to use this breathe-thingy-dingy, don't you? Well, air's limited and - surprise, sursprise - you are not fish! Got you a refill! Now, excuse me, some mermaids are waiting for me". And then, he is gone.
The bull ignores you.
The key gets slightly warmer.
It's on fire! But it's the only way to the tower.
You hear a deafening yell, "What are you doing here, unworthy worm. Get back to work!" A wave of green flashes hits you and throws you over. At least she didn't recognise you.
^^Almost. Her green eyes start burning through your head, but the moment you are sure, it's over, you just hear a "You are boring me. Get back to work".
You hear the brakes of the bus screeching, but it is simply too fast to stop in time. You defeated Jannedor, but as it seems everything is going to end here. The driver rather lost control and while turning sideways, the bus keeps sliding irresistibly towards you. Ironically your life will end by crashing into automatic doors, which are not so automatic on this side.~~Right before you crash into the doors, they open. In a quick reflex, you jump into the sliding bus...~~only to recognise that your life will end in the window opposite to the doors.~~Wildly hurtling through the bus, you can see a lot of people smiling at you: a now rather toothless baker, a postmistress hugging a mouse, the stationmaster playing on a harmonica, and a friendly cloud on the driver's seat smiling with the brightest silver lining you can get.~~And while you still try to collect your thoughts and see the window approaching you hear a deafening yell: "No ticket, no ride! Get off my bus, fare dodger!"~~Before you even understand what is happening and right on your way into the window, the ticket inspector grasps an emergency hammer and smashes the window.~~You are lying on the road, everything is hurting and all you want to do now is give the deckchair in your garden a reason to exist. But you're alive! Sometimes fortune honours the brave and the wise. You defeated Jannedor by cleverness, not by luck. Good for you to having had all your luck still with you.~~YOU WON! Twice!  Congratulations!~~Now how about this:
Unfortunately, the bus driver fails to stop in time, and there is nobody to rescue you. The bus hits you hard.~~On waking up again, you have faint memories of an operating theatre, witches and Guardians around.~~"... we are losing...this damn magic...won't like it... back alive..."~~Well, they made it. Good, you had almost all your luck left. Ok, there were some complications...~~Some parts of you were in really bad shape and they had to wing it. If only you had all your luck with you. But... it isn't that bad.~~You got pelican feet, walrus teeth, a big horn on your forehead, and a dragon-like face. Without the cool fire stuff, though.~~But hey, YOU WON! You defeated Jannedor and survived the bus. Congratulations!~~You think, there must be a bit beyond this? So, how about this:
Unfortunately, the bus driver fails to stop in time, and there is nobody to rescue you. The bus hits you hard.~After waking up, the first thing you notice is that many different odours are wafting across your nose. Very strange odours. And you are hungry. Very hungry. You would kill for a cheese sandwich. And you had this strange dream of the Guardian yelling, "Fetch the stick! Fetch the stick!" at you. Something is very wrong. You feel much smaller!~~Ok, ok, you know, you were a mess. They brought you to the hospital as soon as possible and they did what they could. If only you had been more lucky. But hey, look how cute you are and a a dog's life is much less troubled. And they will put up a statue for you in the Walled Garden, definitely! But what really counts is...~~YOU WON! You defeated Jannedor and survived the bus (sort of). Congratulations!~~Not satisfied? So, how about this:
Unfortunately, the bus driver fails to stop in time, and there is nobody to rescue you. The bus hits you hard.~After waking up, you feel light and relieved. You are standing in your garden. An old pal is sitting in your deckchair, "Hey you, nice to meet you. In fact, you have no idea how nice it is."~~You are puzzled. You wonder who he is. This overcoat. He is probably another Guardian. But he looks pale, almost translucent. You ask him what happened to him. "You want to know what happened to me? My friend, better get a look at yourself." You look down at your hand. Translucent! You're about to panic, but the old guy interrupts;~~"Yeah, I know, a bit disgusting. I was on my way to rescue you, but I got jinxed. Seems, you were practically out of luck. I just made it in time to grab the last remnants. But it isn't as bad as it sounds. We've got an incredible new job for you, and you can even stay at home. Was looking for someone to take over my duties in the house for quite some time. You know, slamming doors, shaking chairs, creepy noises, and all that stuff. Now I can finally retire."~~Perhaps it wasn't your life's dream, but it could have been worse (not much though). You'll soon get used to it! But what really counts is...~~YOU WON! You defeated Jannedor and almost survived the bus. Congratulations!~~Not satisfied? So, how about this:
"Comes to 
none yet
