Floating serenely in a small boat, pitching and rolling with the currents, you feel completely relaxed and ready for anything that life cares to throw at you. To the west is a jetty to which the boat is moored by a rope about two metres long
securely ties the boat to the jetty, each end fixed with a peculiar, complicated looking, knot
The joints of this rickety old jetty are becoming rotten and warped with constant lapping of the river water. The small boat is moored here off the east end of the jetty; westward is a tract of uncultivated land and to the southwest lies a field of golden wheat
This area of scrub is overrun with stunted saplings and tangled undergrowth. Northward is the moat of a homely castle which runs into the river on your east. Southeastward lies the jetty and the scrub continues to the south and west
Here, bramble bushes and weeds that constantly tug and tear at your ankles have run amok. This type of foliage continues to the west and north but becomes stronger to the southwest, forming a copse. To the east is the rickety old jetty and a wheatfield lies to the south
This part of the scrub seems a lot healthier than the regions which lie to the northeast and east; there is actually some grass growing here amongst the tangled undergrowth. Southwestward leads into a [wood], southward to a copse and southeastward to a field of golden wheat. Westward takes you onto the side of a hill which rises up above the scrub and to the north is the moat of a homely castle and its drawbridge
This copse, full of strong saplings, each about [chest] height, continues south and west, where the trees become taller and more densely populated forming a forest of sorts. Northwestward lies a hill which rises up out of the scrub area to the north and northeast, and eastward is a field of golden wheat
In this part of the wood, sunlight glints through the leaves high above in the strong, healthy trees. To the north is a hill, with scrub to the northeast and the wood continuing southward and eastward. Westward, however, is a river bank with a considerable drop to the river below
The river flows straight across the southern edge of this part of the wood, babbling and burbling its way down to the sea. To the east lies a golden wheatfield with more of the wood northward and westward
Here, the wood has been cleared and a temple to some esoteric deity erected in place of the trees. The temple is surrounded by tall iron railings apart from a single opening to the south. The wood continues to the north and east with a copse to the northeast
Golden wheat, rippling gently in the breeze, surrounds you in this picturesque field. Sitting in the southern end of the field is a [windmill](do mill), its vanes shimmering in the bright sunlight. To the northeast is the jetty, to the north and northwest, scrub, and a wood lies westward
From here, the hill you are on looks more like a mountain as the slopes above are covered in a thick blanket of snow. There is an opening leading west into the hill, shrouded in seemingly impenetrable darkness. To the east lies a region of scrub and southward is a wood
is made of thick planks of Kerovnian Oak. Large metal studs (each stamped with the Grunchkev Industries logo) hold the planks together
With only those items necessary for making bread and an  easy chair to relax in during those quiet moments, the mill seems sparsely furnished
The gatehouse is a tall, airy room built from large blocks of stone. The drawbridge leads to the south, and another exit leads north. A lever in the [south] [wall] is used to raise and lower the drawbridge
This is the gatekeeper's room which smells rather strongly of [feet]. Amongst the general mess a small bed stands against the far [wall], opposite the room's only exit north
The servant's quarters are sparsely furnished and a trifle on the cold side. An antique cabinet stands against one [wall] and there are exits leading north and south
The cleanliness and hygiene of the castle kitchen gives you hope for the guests at the forthcoming banquet. Apart from the usual utensils there is a sink with a cupboard underneath it and a worktop against the side [wall]. Also, there are exits in the north, south and east walls
Velvet drapes cover the bare walls of this large dining hall in preparation for a celebratory banquet. At one end of a long table stands a cubic golden cage inside which is a grizzly bear (obviously the star attraction for the forthcoming celebrations). Exits from here lead west and south
All visitors are brought to this entrance hall on arrival at the castle. The floor is covered with a vast rug, woven in traditional Kerovnian style, and a wooden staircase leads up to the top [floor]. There are also exits in all four walls; north,south,east and west
The courtyard, open to the clear sky above, has ivy trailing hither and thither over the walls. There are openings in the north and south walls which lead to the entrance hall and gatehouse respectively
Going through the castle garden on this path, you notice that the weeds have been left to their own devices, making the garden in dire need of some professional attention. The path leads east to a mangy looking door, and south to the entrance hall
Straw is strewn about all over the [floor] in this stable. The place smells heavily of manure and flies are buzzing around everywhere. West gets you out of here
The lounge has many comfortable chairs and a shagpile carpet which brings a refreshing spring to your step. A coal fire blazes away by the hearth, giving off a warm, soft light which makes you feel relaxed and easy. There are exits in the south and east walls
Once upon a time, this gallery held the finest collection of art in all Kerovnia. However, during these days of financial hardship, most of the classics have been sold and only a few [paintings](look paintings) by obscure contemporary artists remain. An exit leads north into the lounge and an ornately carved archway provides an exit south
The Kerovnian ladies retire here after banquets and other functions at the castle. The room is mainly decorated in a pale yellow colour but there is an antique red leather settee against one [wall] that clashes violently. The only exit from here is north through the archway into the gallery
This damp and gloomy passage is full of dust and cobwebs with small beetles scuttling around everywhere. Some steps at its west end lead up to the kitchen. There is also a door in the north [wall] and an opening in the south [wall]
You are at the top of a small flight of steps leading down to the wine cellar. Behind you in the south [wall] is part of the castle drainage system  and a door leading back into the passage
This is the wine cellar where many vintage wines are kept for consumption during banquets, celebrations and the like. The remaining bottles are stored in tall wooden racks which are very well preserved considering that the whole cellar has a foot of water in it. At the south end of the cellar is a small flight of steps
Broken boxes, bottles and other assorted pieces of junk fill this room. An obvious exit leads north, back into the passage
There is a tiled wooden floor in this corridor, the tiles forming a mosaic which depicts an ancient Boreann battle mask. The corridor continues south and east, other exits being in the west and north walls, and a staircase leading down to the entrance hall
In this part of the corridor the wooden tiles form a mosaic of a huge galleon, laden with exotic goods from far-away lands. The corridor runs east-west and there is also an entrance to a room in the north [wall]
This section of the corridor has a mosaic of wooden tiles on the floor which takes the form of a ferocious mythical beast. There are exits north and south from here into rooms and the corridor continues westward
The mosaic on the floor in this part of the corridor depicts an outrageous party where the guests are all bears and a man in a [cage] is provided for their entertainment. The corridor continues northward and there is an entrance to one of the castle's bedrooms at the southern end of the corridor
There seems to be no classification system for the hundreds of [tomes](do books) in this library; for they appear to have been put away at random. A simple reading desk stands in the midst of this wealth of acquired knowledge and there is an exit east back into the corridor
A matching pale yellow lavatory and wash basin are here in the bathroom. There is a device next to the lavatory for dispensing toilet paper. The only exit is south into the corridor
In the castle owner's bedroom you find a walnut cabinet against the east [wall], which is obviously used as a bedside table. There is a single exit north which takes you back into the corridor
The spare bedroom has numerous small embroideries fixed to the walls that convey such pearls of wisdom as 'Home Sweet Home' and 'A Kerovnian's home is his (or her) castle' and 'Rubbing a horse shoe brings good luck'. There is a bed in here and a large wardrobe stands against the south wall. The only exit is northward, into the corridor
You find yourself in a laboratory that would be the envy of many an aspiring magician. Indeed, the gothic magnificence which manifests itself here demands the attention of even the most casual observer. Occupying the south wall is a bookshelf while the room's only exit takes the form of an opening to the west which appears to resonate to the whims of some unknown agency
This is a large room with dim lighting, dominated by a [billiard](play billiards) table that is kept in superb condition. A cue rack and blackboard are on the west [wall] and there are exits in the south and east walls
The main attraction here in the music room is a highly polished grand piano, manufactured by the famous Tychkoff sisters from Krewside-upon-Nasty, a small fishing town in northern Kerovnia. There are two exits from here, south and west
A notice board, detailing the prominent members of the temple, is the main feature of this quiet room. Near the board is a night safe. A simple archway  leads south into the temple itself and you can hear leaves rustling in the  breeze through the north exit
Bees buzz lazily around their [hive](do beehive) in this sedate little garden. Austere  railings which section the temple off from the rest of the wood detract from the general summery atmosphere. The temple is back north
Frescoes depicting the religious exploits of the temple's most respected followers adorn the altar and walls, making the otherwise sombre process of worship an exciting and colourful spectacle. Stairways are situated in the four corners of the temple (NE, SE, SW, NW) and there are also exits south and north
This stairway spirals gently down to a lower level of the temple or back southeast
Looking southwest from this upward spiralling stairway you can see the colourful frescoes that make [up] the main worshipping area of the temple
You are at the bottom of a stairway which leads up to the temple roof or back northwest
A stairway leads up from here and you can also go northeastward into the main temple area
You are at the bottom of a stairway, in the depths of the temple. You could go back up or another exit leads southeast from here with the word '**WOBNIAR**' engraved in large letters above it
Here the stairway comes to an abrupt halt. The only way to go is down
The stairway leads into a corridor with a small alcove to the east and a door which should lead onto the temple roof. However, due to sabotage by lackeys of the Grunckev Building Company, which failed to win the tender to build the temple, that part was never completed. Looks like the only way back is down
You are in an alcove at the top of the stairway down which opens out onto a  small room to the east
An organ which constantly plays by itself provides an eerie [air] of mystery to this room which overlooks the frescoes of the main temple and west leads back out
Damp moss covers a huge stone sarcophagus in the centre of this crypt. Earth covers the floor with heavy footprints between an east exit in the wall and the entrance. Engraved in large letters above the northwest exit is the word 'WOBNIAR'
Draped in black, this shrine contains many sacrosanct objects of the dark side of religion. Expecting some evil demon to startle you at any moment, you cautiously look around and notice the exit west in the wall as well as a shiny black door, neatly concealed behind the drapes, in the east wall
A deathly hush hangs in the air in this cramped little library. A few black, leather-bound books (with their titles also written in black) sit on shelves against the wall. The door west leads back to the shrine
It is too dark to see anything much here. The only thing of which you can be sure is that you are underwater
Panic-stricken in this underwater nightmare, you notice that to the north is a tunnel which seems slightly less dark than your present location
Here, near the bottom of the well, your limbs are becoming numb with the cold and you are fast running out of oxygen. Your situation seems hopeless
The water is slightly warmer here and some light at the north end of the tunnel brings hope to your flagging morale
You are now floating in a sump with air above you and cold water below. A sandy bank leads off to the north and an underwater tunnel leads south into the well
The crunchy sand on this bank provides an unusual texture for you to walk on, and has some very extraordinary lumps in it. Making the sump to the south look inviting,a thin shaft, about a metre wide, completely without footholds and very slippery looking, leads downwards
Clambering about and wedging yourself between the walls of this slippery shaft, you can see that it continues upwards, and [below](down), drops you onto a thin, twisting passage
Walking sideways is the only way to travel along here due to it being only half a metre wide. Water from the south trickles northward along the rocky floor, following the crabwalk. It is about the only thing able to do so, the passageway narrowing to only a crack northwards
The crabwalk leads off north from this small chamber and a wet rope, fixed to the wall, provides access to a passage high up in the east [wall]. Leading west is a small opening at ground level through which you could probably just crawl and, through an exit in the south [wall], you can hear the sound of gushing water
Swallowing some of the stagnant water which half fills a metre high crawl, you realise how brave all those speleologists are. The crawl takes you through a myriad of twists and turns bringing you to where a vein of some semi-precious mineral runs through this otherwise empty, but wet, cave. East takes you back
[Water] gushes down onto you from a sheer face about ten metres high. Refreshing though it may be, it still drenches you. After falling to the [floor], the water runs northward through an [opening] in the cave [wall]
Fixed to the floor at the west edge of this cave is a rope which provides the only escape. With just enough room to manoeuvre without banging your head, you can see you are in a rough, craggy cave. Water drips from the ceiling and streams out by the rope
Slipping and sliding on the wet earth that has fallen into the hollow hill over the years, you notice that warm air flows westward from [outside](go east), indicating the possibility of more caves further inside the hill
You are outside the castle on the north side of the moat.  To the east and west you see that the moat runs too close to the castle to allow further progress. In the castle wall to the north is a night safe and next to it an opening
A tall signpost points to four of the five exits from here: northeast, northwest, southeast and east. The other exit is a passage leading off to the southwest
A hot, white glow from the northwest end of this tunnel burns your [face] and all but takes your breath away. Halfway along, a fault in the southwest [wall] allows escape from the heat. Southeast heads back to the junction
'ZOOLOGICAL AND BOTANICAL GARDENS' is written above a toll gate at the east end of this passage which also turns southwest to a junction. Next to the toll gate in the north wall of the passage is a night safe
The smells and sounds of the zoo remind you of the happy times of your youth. Northward, you can hear the cackle of talking birds and southward is the familiar stench of the animals' food, and west exits the zoo.
On the north wall here are directions east to the aviary and west to the hot house, the only other exit being south
This junction leads west to the jungle house, while in the east [wall] is a door marked 'PRIVATE', while north leads back to the crossroads
A cage, rather grubby and untidy, is the centre of attraction here. It contains a Kerovnian macaw, whose continual squawking would be enough to drive any zookeeper insane
Sweating profusely in the humid atmosphere ideal for cultivating tropical plants, you see that, amongst the weird and wonderful flora, is a palm tree, a bed of succulents and some spiny cacti. The exit is east
This dimly lit collection of insects and reptiles comes from all corners of Kerovnia, but two [cages](look cages) in particular (one small and one large) catch your eye as they have had their glass fronts removed, allowing the creatures that were there to escape. A plaque is hanging near the larger [cage](do large cage) and east leads back out.
A scruffy workplace with scraps of food slung across the floor along with various offical papers. Against the south wall is an old desk that has been continually knocked about during its stay here. There is also a white door in the northeast corner of the room
With chipped white paint on the walls and rising damp, this passage is in a very bad way. It has a small door at its northwest end and a white one to the southwest
A paltry little food tray and droppings on the floor are the only comforts provided for the mynah bird in this pitifully small cage. Looking out onto the aviary from inside, you get a vivid idea of what prison life would be like if you were ever caught practising your chosen profession
At a fork in the road, you ponder which direction to take. The main passage leads from northwest to southeast, through an iron gate, but another exit leads off south
The shop which confronts you is sombre and black: it is an undertaker's, catering for family bereavements and untimely ends (or so it says on the board hanging above the shop). There is an 'out to lunch' sign on the front door to the south. A path leads off to the west and back north
Most of the shop [floor] is covered in black furnishings and a casket rests next to a polished counter to the south
To a morally sound person, there is little of interest behind this beautifully polished counter; but to you, a professional thief, there is a till which certainly catches your eye
Overgrown with underground weeds, the three most prominent [graves](look graves) have impressive [headstones](look headstones), each larger than the last. A yew tree solemnly overlooks the whole scene from its location by the iron gate which leads northwest from this place. A gravedigger is hard at work here
A clear, shallow stream runs swiftly across the southern edge of this almost circular chamber, creating loud echoes which travel [down] the passage to the northeast
[Up] to your knees in the clear water, you see that, apart from getting up out of the stream into a circular chamber, the only way out is to follow it westward through a high opening
The stream makes a tremendous roar as it falls over a sheer face to the north, spraying you with spume in the process. Despite the slippery [floor], you could still manage to go eastward, upstream, thanks to your balance training
The heat from the passage through the fault in the northeast corner can hardly be felt at all in here. Instead, a thin beam of light which traverses the room from east to west, heats it and provides illumination. A mud pool in the middle of the room, about a metre in diameter, occasionally lets out a 'glop' noise when a bubble bursts at its [surface]
White hot coals cover the [floor] of the western half of this room, creating a powerful glow which singes the few hairs on your arms. The glow forces you to avert your eyes before they are permanently damaged, but not before you notice a set of steps on the other side of the coals
On this flight of steps you can see the glow and feel the heat of the coals below, but upward leads into more familiar territory; cold, unwelcoming darkness
The lake which lies to the east of this damp old boathouse silently laps against the ramp down which many small vessels must have entered the waters in days gone by. Westward are a set of steps leading down into the room of hot coals while a route to the southeast leads into darkness
This room is covered in blue velvet from wall to wall apart from a small opening leading southwest into the white room. In the centre of the room stands a podium, also blue
Red velvet covers every surface of this small room, including the podium at its centre. The only exit from here is northwestward into the white room
An opaque case with four coloured [slots](look slots) in it stands on a podium at the centre of this room. White velvet covers the walls, floor and ceiling here with four openings in the corners of the room providing exits
The only break in the green velvet which totally covers this room is for an exit in the northeast corner. A podium stands at the centre of the room, also enveloped in the same material
Although yellow velvet covers this room, it is mostly damp and bedraggled due to constant lapping of the lake's grim waters to the north. In the centre stands a podium, also yellow, while exits lead southeast and northwest
is a shifty character with an expressionless 'poker' face
is a friendly chap, more than happy with his simple existence
is short and squat. He takes great pride in his work and hates those who think they can do better
looks rather unhappy about his confinement - he would much prefer to be roaming free in the rocky countryside of Plackhund, fishing to his stomach's content
appears quite tired, almost completely exhausted by a long, difficult life. Judging by his expression, the enormous trunk he drags behind him isn't helping matters one little bit
is hand-sized and covered in thick, brown hair. Its beady eyes and incessant leg twitches make your [skin] crawl
is very down to earth and incredibly ordinary
is squeezing the living daylights out of you
is called 'RAGE RIDER THANKS YOU' and is just big enough to carry two passengers with their equipment
was probably built long ago to serve the needs of the local populace
is wide and deep, cutting its way decisively across the land
looks pure and clean to the naked eye, but may have been contaminated on its way here
has a windmill in it which will use the golden wheat crop to make bread
is really a stream running down from the hill into the river but its course has been diverted by man to encircle the castle. A sign has been erected by the side of the [moat]
looks more like a summer home than a place of fortification
was harvested for the charcoal industry in days gone by
looks friendly and inviting
has snow covering its higher slopes, inaccessible because of their steepness
are probably hundreds of years old and still sprouting leaves
reads:^ No unauthorized [fishing](do fish) in these waters.^ Poachers will be fed to the bear
is chest height and so highly polished that you can see a reflection of your face in it. A flap is set into the counter
is roughly circular, about a hundred metres in diameter. The water is grim and cold
is standard Kerovnian dungeon issue, found throughout Kerovnia keeping adventurers within the substance of the universe
looks as though it might drop in at any moment
is a large black sack; standard issue for the Reknaught Raiders
is part of your official Reknaught Raiders uniform
have a pocket in the front
is part of the thieves kit you were given on joining the guild
is a small bag sewn into your jeans for carrying loose change and the like
is wooden, and has four large rotating vanes obscuring the [entrance]
are four in number and power the mill
is very simple in design
covers the floor
is a string instrument with a delightful, airy tone
is the size of a thumb nail and used to pluck the lute strings
is lemon flavour and made by Hurligan, a provincial confectioner
operates the drawbridge
hasn't been made yet
is a small plastic container used by the gatekeeper to keep fishing bait
is a little grubby, and looks rather lonely
is probably a reproduction, not the genuine article
has been painted gold
is stainless steel, and absolutely spotless
is of Kerovnian design
has a smooth surface to make it easily cleaned
is of a new type, designed only to kill rats (and other such vermin)
has a picture of a white rabbit on it
is strawberry flavoured and now mixed with essence of dead fly
is strawberry flavour
is three metres on each side but still too small to comfortably hold the grizzly bear
is to be prepared for about one hundred guests
is engraved with tiny figures enacting an ancient religious festival
must have taken months to weave
will hold one small bird
is made out for the sum of 
is the champion sprinter of the Obakanga valley
is a long distance specialist from Swelk
looks a bit mangy and under the weather
recently came second in the Reknaught Handicap Chase
has been parted from its original owner for quite some time
is pretty old and pongy
annoyingly fly straight at you (perhaps it's something to do with the smell)
have met a sticky end
was produced in the heyday of the Krewside Textiles Co-operative
gives an almost tropical warmth to this room
stops the hot coals from spilling onto the carpet
is made of iron
has a slight fracture marring it's otherwise unremarkable surface
is an extremely well preserved specimen of a prehistoric mollusc
is a classic, painted by Ripov during his dead period
depicts a wandering minstrel, playing a lute and floating above the ground, singing the words 'urfanore pendra'
is an object lesson in how to fail as an artist
looks as though it would be pretty difficult to crack
squeaks as you look at it
is the handiwork of a complete amateur
is used to give the cushion its shape
bears a profile of King Randolph Ferg the Fearless, as traditionally used on five ferg notes and coins
is a simple wooden one
are swarming all over the cellar floor
dip slightly in the middle, where they have worn most
fit neatly into the cellar, using every available inch of space
has a thick covering of drowned rats, rather like croutons in soup. Don't even THINK of drinking it
carries water from the castle and dumps it in the moat. The visible parts here normally consist of a stopcock above some [pipework](do pipe)
is a metre long and five centimetres wide
cuts off the drainage system when it needs servicing
is overpowering in its fruitiness
comes from the celebrated wine region of Enker Marsh
has been kept for decades
has a label on it that reads:^Shake me, say 'Hooray' and I will explode
has been superbly cut in the shape of a one ferg coin
The junk, boxes and bottles are all covered with a thick layer of dust
line the walls of the library
allows guests to read in comfort
Becoming rather tatty now, this book has obviouly been read by many people
is a simple invention
is pale yellow in colour
is of an advanced (by Kerovnian standards) design which allows it to be easily flushed, so reducing end-user maintenance costs and downtime
matches the rest of the decor, and is covered with an enormous roc-down duvet. Just looking at it makes you sleepy
has been carefully decorated with small paintings of ferocious beasts
Your professional eye tells you that the walnut cabinet dates from the Erik XV period and is an extremely valuable example of the [cabinet] maker's art. Fortunately you know better than to believe it
is an antique masterpiece
is used to record scores while playing
has not been slept in for some time
is definitely not a valuable antique
is a daringly low cut affair with swathes of black chiffon hanging from the back
is decorated with embroideries of cuddly white rats
would be very difficult to thread
is strong and white
is typical of those you've seen in many a horror movie
is constructed of fine wood and adorned with strange runic symbols
is very tattered and leather bound
has 'WARNING - sachet will dissolve as contents are exposed to the air, beware when opening!' written on it
is an electric blue colour and very finely cut
is two metres long with its tip chalked, ready for a game
looks brand new
is completely smooth
seems completely smooth
has a tiny black spot to distinguish it from the white ball
can hold up to ten cues
is cut in the most modern of designs
is a superb example of expert craftswomanship
has a tapestry top, and handles either side to adjust the height
is entitled 'Fading Fugue' by the legendary composer Trogar Manner
is [air]-tight when closed
is divided into two [sections](read notice board): laity and clergy
is adorned with the same colourful frescoes as the temple walls
resembles one of the temple's greatest zealots: \_Hurligan the Sweet_\
is a silver plated bowl whose lid has small holes to allow the smoke from burning incense to escape
has a delicious smell emanating from it
seem incredibly protective of their honey
would be ideal for winter
would be just the thing for Winnie-the-Pooh
is very closed and extremely locked
has twenty coloured squares in it, each one metre by one metre, arranged in the form of five columns and four rows









^
^
measures one metre square, strangely enough it does not contain Lenin's tomb
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
This is a place where fools come to die
has probably been here since the erection of the temple
looks like a stage prop from 'Hamlet'
winks back as you look at it
makes you feel uneasy and nervous as the eyes of the monster it represents have a sardonic glint in them
can just be seen inside the mill
is the normal entrance to the shrine
is a paper by Dr. Jenks, explaining a new method of '\_fire walking_\'. In the pamphlet he studies the incredible ritual of the tribe of Swelk nomads and discovers that the feat is achieved by rubbing the succulent \_Gerominitus_\ on the soles of the feet before commencing the walk across hot coals
is a deep, rich black
is exquisitely carved
appears to have been disturbed in the near past
are made of rubber and have very grippy soles
was left here by a kind-hearted potholer
doesn't resemble any you learnt about in the Guild
is very old, it's blade almost worn away by constant chipping at the rockface
look unbreakable
has directions as follows:^northeast - beasts^northwest - fire ^southeast - death^east - out
has a slot on it with the words 'entrance - two fergs only' written above it
is just big enough to accept a two ferg coin
is bright and colourful
seems chirpy and lively despite his obvious dislike of confinement
makes a good home for the macaw, being clean as well as spacious
bears forth coconuts if given the right environment
are of the Gerominitus family
reminds you of the bear - brown and hairy
was the home of a highly poisonous King Jumper spider from the tropical forests to the northeast of Swelk
used to house a constricting ice snake, many of which can grow up to ten metres long and easily crush a man
is perfectly ordinary
although once grand, has not been looked after. Its one drawer looks as if it might fall off at any time
is in little better shape than the rest of the desk
is a [spade]
is a mixture of various types of grain
has a special feature on macaws which says that they like eating fresh coconut better than anything
ought to be replaced, it is in a terrible state - any KSPCA official to see it would certainly wonder about how well the animals are kept
consists mainly of a large glass window in a wooden frame
is made of frosted glass to deter snoopers like yourself
seems to be a luxury model
has a single button on it
is marked "No Sale"
bears the monarch's likeness, and is worth two fergs
has been well tended
is of a similar age to the others
is a slightly grander than those around it
has 'R.I.P. Baby Bear' on it
has 'R.I.P. Mummy Bear' on it
has 'R.I.P. Daddy Bear' on it
is most impressive and must have been here for centuries
are red and emit a sticky substance when squashed
has one of its finger bones resting on a chest
is jagged along one edge
is about twenty centimetres by fifteen by ten
is alive and beating loudly
holds a rope ladder in place, it doesn't look like it will move
looks strong enough for you to climb
is a complete mystery to your naturally inquisitive mind
would gratefully swallow anything you cared to feed it
is almost molten, due to the heat in the room. A gem is stuck precariously in the wax. It might plummet into the muddy pool at any  time
is very large and, though uncut at the moment, certainly of great value
allows you to sate your vanity at your leisure
would certainly fry you if you tried to traverse them without some protection (say, a five centimetre thick asbestos suit for starters)
is the same size as the die. It also appears to weigh a similar amount, but looks very, very valuable
once entertained the Baron in his childhood
has a flat top
has a flat top
has a flat top
has a flat top
is quite ordinary
has
has
has
has
closely resembles the one found in your packaging
is a cube, half a metre on each side, that rests atop the podium. There are four small slots in it
is red
is green
is blue
is yellow
is still marked private
have a thick layer of dust on them
is brilliantly carved, depicting the mythical beast beautifully
are unintelligible to those in such a lowly position on the evolutionary scale as yourself
has been tied into a tight ball
are a motley selection of creepy crawlies most of which are here for scientific research. Paramount among these are the parza bug, well known for its ability to spontaneously appear in locations hitherto thought to be safe from its ravages, and also the hunting scorpion from Obakanga whose breeding habits are under special consideration. This has proved very difficult for the boffins as the male of the species often accidentally stings the female to death during procreation
have, as their main attraction, a bright red salamander from the Swelk region which has the unfortunate habit of eating one of its relations when frightened by another animal under the stupid assumption that this will make it too fat for the animal to eat. This has lead to the near extinction of the race as we know it
are tropical, weird and wonderful
is really, really big and quite frightening to contemplate
is cold, wet and dreary, and rather out of season
are mushroom shaped, and rather worrying to look at
whistles past you
is a smart pin-stripe one commonly worn by bankers
is exactly the sort of place these rich 'Lord of The Manor' and 'Baron' types occupy. Years of subservience and loathing make the place a pleasure to rob
 cannot be seen 
 cannot be seen 
have made the floor damp
plays automatically, although not very well
is a game, not a material object to be examined and manipulated
provides a little privacy to mourners when closed
looks as though it hasn't been washed since the day it was cut
is a simple hinged affair. When raised it allows passage to the far side of the counter
lie scattered around your feet glimmering and twinkling
It is surprisingly clean and tidy in here with the usual wheat grinding equipment well hidden. By clever design the architect has made the inside appear rectangular, despite the clearly round nature of the outside
are of a species common in Kerovnian rivers
is of a species less common in Kerovnian rivers than it used to be
has been smeared with rat poison, these are never found in Kerovnian rivers
mentions the interesting fact that the snake is the only known warm-blooded specimen in existence. The rest were lost in the heat wave several summers ago
just about reach the floor
are large planks wedging the gap between your legs and the floor
are not quite as muscular as fat
doesn't look anything like a thief (Pirates excluded)
are knuckle dusters in the flesh
have an opposable thumb (The wonders of modern technology!)
bears the inscription: ^"Grunchkev Folding Bed Company - Max load: Three persons"^ Below the plaque are two [buttons](look buttons)
has '\_Raise_\' engraved on it. Maybe [press it](press top button)
has '\_Lower_\' engraved on it. Maybe [press it](press bottom button)
is a strange work by the well-known Kerovnian artist Kweeley, founder of the neo-surrealist school. The title 'Path leading to snow-capped mountains' bears little resemblance to the blood-red splodges on the canvas. Looking more closely, you realise that it isn't canvas at all, but a  thin sheet of steel
is folded up into the [wall], and would be undetectable if the wallpaper on its underside was as faded as the rest
seems to lead into nothingness. But wait! You can just make out a faint, shimmering glimmer a short distance away
is the oldest of the Kerovnia guilds, although no longer the largest
stares back in disgust, amazed by your inability to distinguish abstract concepts from solid matter
sparkle impressively as you look at them
is really too large for one person to carry around
reads:^Third Kerovnian Defenders' Reunion Banquet
can't be seen
can't be seen
allows easy travel between the floors of the castle
is typical of those that connect places in adventure games (sorry, interactive fiction)
suggests that some wonderful, exciting place lies beyond (it's very likely lying to you)
might lead to some great hoard of treasure, or to a painful end. Well, nobody ever said being a thief guaranteed a long life..
is breathable
is so normal it's unbelievable
fills the join between the walls beautifully
looks absolutely evil (well, being ten metres high with eyebrows like that!)
seems ideal for bread making
can't be seen
has seen a lot of use
You wouldn't believe the amount of paperwork needed to run a Zoo! Most of it is assorted invoices and toll receipts, with the occasional import license for Kerulgian hunting chickens thrown in for good measure
reads : "Grunchkev Funeral Parlour - (Stiffs a speciality) Experts in family bereavements and untimely ends." The small print details the discount structures for bulk burials and 'dig-it-yourself' arrangements
proclaims that the staff will be back shortly
look quite inviting
is of the normal, slightly flat variety
abound in these games, filling in awkward gaps in the terrain
looms high above
is rather non-descript, and rather less flat than one might have hoped
This is a large, white, cubic shaped room. There is an exit leading down in the centre of the room
This is a large, white, cubic shaped room. There are exits leading down in the northwest and southeast corners
This is a large, white, cubic shaped room. There are exits leading down in the northwest and southeast corners also one in the centre. An opening in the west wall leads back to the bank manager's office
This is a large, white, cubic shaped room. There are exits leading down in the northwest, northeast, southeast and southwest corners. A signpost pointing to each of the exits is in the centre of the room next to a short white pillar
has obviously been set up to trigger an alarm should the pressure exerted upon it change
is carved from fine white marble. Firmly secured to it's top is a weighing machine
has four arrows pointing at the four exits. These read: ^Northwest Spades ^Northeast Diamonds ^Southwest Clubs ^Southeast Hearts
This is a large, white, cubic shaped room. There are exits leading down in the northwest, northeast, southeast and southwest corners. There is also an exit leading down in the centre of the room
This is a large, white, cubic shaped room. There are exits leading down in the northwest, northeast, southeast and southwest corners. There are also exits leading down near the west and east walls
This is a large, white, cubical shaped room. There are no exits
Enamelled on the [surface] of this wooden box are the outlines of a heart, spade, diamond and club
One of the cards is the joker
One of the cards has the Queen of Diamonds printed on it
One of the cards is the Ace of Clubs
One of the cards is obviously the Five of Hearts
One of the cards has a picture of the King of Spades printed on it
cannot be seen
is set in the north wall of the passage. It bears the inscription 'Bank of Kerovnia' on the front
is set in the castle wall. It bears the inscription 'Bank of Kerovnia' on the front
is set in the west wall of the chamber. It bears the inscription 'Bank of Kerovnia' on the front
is set in the wall of the bank. It bears the inscription 'Bank of Kerovnia' on the front
is a rusty, U-shaped piece of iron with evenly spaced holes along its length
is old, and rather mangy
You are outside a large building which has a sign consisting of large black letters across its top announcing its usual function: 'Ba k of Ker vn a". There is a solid looking oak door to the south, in the front of the building, with a [notice](read notice) attached. To the left of the door there is a night safe and the undertakers' shop is to the east
is constructed from shabby plastic letters which attempt to describe the bank
is a stout looking affair which looks ideal for keeping out bank robbers
A cursory glance at the notice persuades you that it is of great importance
Inside the bank is brightly lit, with a counter off to the east and a door to the south marked 'Manager. Mr Peckham'. Of the five tills in the counter only two are open, each with a queue before it. The nearer queue is the shorter of the two
is not
is a line of five people waiting for service at the nearer till
is a line of eight people waiting for service at the further till
prevents unauthorised access to the bank managers office
is a wooden barrier along the east side of the bank to prevent you from getting at the bank staff. It is topped by some bullet proof glass in which there are five tills for serving customers
This is a well lit, smartly furnished room. The main item of furniture is a large desk covered with papers. A comfortable reclining chair lies behind the desk and a drinks cabinet stands against the west wall. There is a door to the bank vault set in the east wall
is a massive steel door preventing people like you from robbing the bank
is a smart wooden piece of furniture
are about things you couldn't possibly understand
is almost decadent in its luxury
is well stocked for entertaining important customers
You are standing at one of the two open tills in the counter at the east end of the bank. The other three tills are closed while the staff have a rest. Behind your till is a teller ready to serve you
is standard Kerovnian dungeon issue, found throughout Kerovnia keeping adventurers within the substance of the universe
are places along the counter where customers can be served
can just be seen through the bullet proof glass
is a frosty looking middle-aged woman who will clearly stand no nonsense
is a cheap imitation of the designer dress you found in the castle
is brightly lit, with a counter off to the east and a door to the south marked 'Manager. Mr Peckham'. Of the five tills in the counter only two are open, each with a queue before it. The nearer queue is the shorter of the two
is like the one in your packaging
is a transparent shield to protect the bank staff from the likes of you
are the usual motley collection of people who frequent banks
is a fat, cigar smoking capitalist with a top hat

is subtlely tinged with turquoise
are the black plastic type commonly used by the refuse services, stamped with the Grunchkev Industries logo
is used in conjunction with a key to lock and unlock the door
could almost be a river, such is the amount of water running past
looks suitably esoteric for its deity

can't do that to 
succeed in 
unable to do that 
too soft to 
cannot get a grip on 
break@
snap@
murder is beyond you!
nothing happens.
I don't follow you.
You can't see that far from here.
but 
what? 
on 
in 
must have 
can't do that with 
now 
fixed to 
does not have 
already 
closed.
open.
too heavy to lift.
nothing 
Don't be ridiculous,
carrying too much already to get 
totally inedible.
downright awful.
quite terrible.
sickeningly bad.
not at all nice.
good.
delicious.
almost magical.
some 
any 
a container.
empty.
-fool!
dead.
dropped.
taken.
already carrying 
can't go that way.
in the way.
jumping 
vaulting 
take off 
contain@ 
wearing 
too big 
no effect 
alight 
melt@
explode@.
not burning 
you 
are 
can't see 
there 
here.
won't let 
is wearing 
seem@
How nice.
push 
can't go there 
can't get 
together, they are 
into what?
won't fit 
carrying 
moving 
lowering 
smell@ 
like 
Really? How interesting!
Oh yes, I had one of those but the wheels fell off.
maybe
definitely not!
random!
already fixed
I don't understand what you're talking about!
It's too dark to see.
can't find a mouth
I don't understand 
I don't know how to 
Using dithered pictures.^
Using stippled pictures.^
what 
but the 
wasn't specified.
Bizarre!
^Please enter filename: 
the 
an 
and 
is 
not carrying 
I think there's a word missing there somewhere.
very sharp 
sharp 
wet 
Necrophiliacs not allowed entrance (to the dungeon)!
Oh, you saucy beast!
smooth 
rough 
hot 
cold 
slippery 
furry 
clammy 
soft 
hard 
warm 
none too happy about your actions 
thorny 
sticky 
ice cold 
crunchy 
Sorry, there was a problem with the load.^
Sorry, there was a problem with the save.^
got 
fixed to it. 
connected to 
anything.
fall apart.
seep@ away.
not 
defenceless 
defend@ with 
defeat 
not suitable
thank@ 
unconscious 
asleep 
an easy target 
off.
finish 
locked 
That was fun, what next?
interested 
Crunch - your teeth hurt.
won't move 
Ahem!
can't hear anything.
a permanent feature.
fit@ 
Oh really!
That's what you think!
Maybe.
I see.
So what?
Quite.
I am 
to you too.
yourself 
I know.
Don't state the obvious.
But you are 
Wishful thinking, huh!
I don't either.
Well don't then.
Oh, do you?
If you say so.
I suggest you try harder!
Useful hints are available in the packaging.
an interesting idea!
strange concept!
that's ridiculous!
you can't be serious!
I refuse.
do be serious!
I'm not going to do that.
You can't do that (yet).
That's not important.
Surely you jest?
Ships cannot remain where the water is too shallow.
I thought a Persian had a red beard.
munch, munch.
puff, puff.
now empty
only 
at the moment.
it 
he 
she 
her 
him 
they 
them 
must be with 
Don't hassle me!
Eh - 
There 
silent
which way: 
advise@ you to visit your psychiatrist.
put on 
and you kill 
viciously beat@ you up.
connected to 
anything 
taste@ 
remove 
now inside 
already inside 
hit@ 
: ouch!
wake@ 
asleep
Time passes.
annoyingly fall@ to the ground.
fiddle with 
for a while, then give up.
novel idea
I can't find it's mouth.
push 
together they are 
them all 
into what?
That doesn't concern you.
Why not say that to 
It is impolite to talk about people behind their backs.
If I thought, you thought, I was...
Hello.
I find that a little hard to believe.
I don't wish to know what you are not.
Is that what you really want?
Your desires are no concern of mine.
I couldn't care less what you want.
No, I am 
True, I am 
internal error: 
ferg@
for only 
give@ 
a funny look.
can't do that from here.
There doesn't seem to be anything 
rebuilt 
something 
which one
But there aren't any here.
are connected 
nowhere 
I don't know anything about that.
says 
Please use, say to someone "something".
Talking to inanimate objects is a sure [sign] of madness.
here you fool!
I have no idea where @ is.
Wouldn't you like to know!
Isn't it obvious?
When you stop asking stupid questions.
I don't know 
because of 
because 
Eeny meeny miny mo...
That's not very nice:- 
for sale.
already yours. 
can't buy anything with that
strange fellow
Sorry - no deal.
so 
put 
on the ground 
can't carry 
to 
light 
I don't think that 
quite suitable 
can't unlock 
steadfastly refuse@ to be moved.
appear@ 
too much 
closed 
one thing at a time, Please.
Something you are carrying seems to hold you back.
tear 
to shreds 
too 
tough 
enough 
strong 
can't cut that! 
It's not that easy you know!
Mind reading would be useful, however...
There is nothing to read there!
I suggest you take a cold shower.
You are really tempted but realise that there is a game to play.
Maybe you can if you try hard enough.
I can do anything if I want to.
Can.. can't.. what's the difference?
or 
Shut up!
I don't believe you.
Maybe it just is.
Maybe it's your destiny
But surely, you are mistaken?
That's for you to find out.
I have enough of my own problems.
I was, I am and I always will be...
I'm fine, thanks!
I'm very well, thank you.
none 
not much 
I haven't any!
enough! 
could do 
perhaps 
possibly 
not likely 
no chance! 
not really 
never! 
Use your brain a bit!
Is that possible?
I didn't know you could!
Well, you could try asking someone else.
There's a slim chance that you might.
Don't worry about that now.
Remember, the future depends on the present.
Worry about that later!
Don't worry about me.
By being cunning and devious!
Do you have the right?
I don't think you should at all!
I have no idea!
I can't help you there.
Perhaps it isn't really.
Ahah.. that would be telling!
Hmmmm, I'll need to think about it...
Good question!
I've forgotten!
unlocked
no way in that direction 
I am 
weird 
where you can get one of those.
But I don't have 
"I don't see why not, you might as well have @ ."
Nobody hears you.
just what 
Click^
Squelch! 
Thud! 
very 
extremely 
quite 
heavy 
light 
large 
small 
too 
find nothing of interest.
have fun!
broken
give 
a big sloppy kiss!
just one thing.
sorry, I don't think those can be tied together.
can't reach 
from here.
can't take @ in there.
can't ride @ in there.
Whack! You hit your head on a low beam.
 @ stumbles and you fall off.
Are you talking to yourself again?
already 
You'll be lucky!
You won't catch me out with any of those trick questions!
It would take more than magic for you to ride in there.
not seated.
on your feet.
now sitting on 
can't sit on that!
can't sit just anywhere.
not lying down
sit up.
already sitting on 
I don't see anything to sit on here.
in that context.
one of 
glare at 
Some magical force prevents this.
leap off enthusiastically.
has 
vanishes.^
as dead as a doornail.
If only...
burn@ away.
You have died.
However, I'll let you off.
Place microdrive in drive two, game number (0-7)?
^Are you sure (y/n)?
^Do you want to quit or restart (q/r)?
^Ensure 'The Guild of Thieves' is in drive one.
I agree.
Sorry, I can't handle that many noun phrases.
Just checking.
Well it sounded like it.
No 
mine.
find 
get off.^
No, not to my 
not a sufficiently qualified member of the Guild of Thieves!
would probably reply if 
could.
about 
worth 
worthless.
probably 
of any 
me - 
priceless.
Bad width!
a suitable container.
seem@ much happier now^
ho ho 
I think you mean 
I know anything about @ ?
Well, you might try the chip shop down the road.
Not here, go away!
I don't care.
What makes you think that 
I will?
How should I know!
I wouldn't trust anyone in this game if I were you.
Mind your own business!
People don't generally eat each other any more!
I thought it wouldn't be long before you resorted to physical violence.
People with sick minds like yours should be put away.
Try something.
why don't you ask @ ?
Pardon?
You people are always so impatient.
I'll do what I please!
You must be joking!
Don't be so sure of that.
That's your problem!
If you have to ask me then you really have problems!
I just hang around.
You may, if that's what you really want.
and may you too
It is in the hands of the judges.
That's up to you.
We've met before, you fool - Now get on with your job!
Hello there, isn't it a lovely day?
Hello adventurer
Hello again.
Hello guru 1
Hello guru 2
Hello devil 1
Hello devil 2
What's up doc?
contain@ something.
Something sloshes around in 
spill@ and 
vigorously for a few moments.
There is nobody here to bet with!
refuse@ your bet.
You can't be allowed to 
 just anywhere you know! Restrain yourself please!
Zzzzz...
You think a while about the deeper issues of life.
 tightly held.
Fishing here is a complete waste of time.
I haven't the faintest idea where to start looking for 
^OK. I'm here!^
A cursory glance at 
persuades you that 
of no importance.^
Unfortunately 
 beyond your reach.^
Really! It's pointless messing around with scenery like 
You need to be closer to do that.
 of absolutely no importance!
What
Where
Who
 do you want to 
There is nothing to enter here.
Sorry, try that one again.
You will need more points to find that out!
 affected by 
might never arrive!
^Please enter hint : 
on.
Done!^
Graphics 
Textsize changed.^
Freehand 
Stipple 
Unable to find printer.^
Printer 
open failed.
^Please enter filename :  
Bad function key number.
Please type function key text : 
I think you mean 
^Are you sure you want to continue? (Please answer YES or NO) >
 
^
not interested.
"
This is a text-only version. Please refer to the packaging for details of hardware requirements and installation procedures for graphics versions.^
how many there are.^
are quite a few.^
is just the one.^
of them.^
dance a jig for a while.^
can't dance on 
dance up and down on 
for a while.^
a loony!^
does 
do 
not want to.^
can't dance here.^
ok, don't.
But you do not have 
But there isn't one.
I don't need 
, you keep 
can't hide on 
make@ a dash for 
hide@ 
there is nothing to hide 
a real whopper.^
, 
a 
ing 
must paddle somewhere.^
not in 
can't play 
play a little ditty on 
How ?
far too cramped to do that.
swim around a bit.
now warm.^
you miss 
you tire of waiting.
There is nothing suitable to 
you'd better not do that 
There is no such 
happy
angry
violent
asleep
unconscious
peaceful
excited
friendly
drunk
sad
tired
suffering
frightened
cheerful
mischievous
The Guild of Thieves^Copyright (C) 1987 Magnetic Scrolls Ltd. Remastered by Strand Games 2017.^You are an aspiring member of the infamous \_Guild of Thieves_\ whose legendary exploits and daring deeds pervade Kerovnian folklore. As a test assignment, you have been told to ransack a castle and the surrounding area of all its valuables.
It's a pretty stupid idea trying to attack a master thief, but you have a go and are swiftly dispatched with a dagger under the ribs.
The thief, with a look of disgust and dismay on his face, picks you up and throws you onto the jetty.
The thief sneers: "Do you like wasting time when there's work to be done?"
^Leaning over the side of the boat, the master thief catches you by the arm and pulls you out of danger.^
"I don't need @ , you might."
The thief inspects the items you have 'obtained' and says 
"This is a disgusting show! Call yourself a professional? I know of shoplifters who could do better than this; go back and try once more. I don't want to see you again until you have a hoard worthy of my attention."^
"Hmm, a reasonable attempt I suppose but don't expect any praise from me. Why, when I was your age I could steal anything from anyone, anytime, anywhere."^He drones on and on about his exploits recounting many strange tales including an episode involving the theft of four legs from a horse in such a fashion that the horse, to this day, has yet to notice the loss.^Winding up this most boring of lectures he says "I'm really quite an optimistic chap, you know; feel free to try again, I'm sure you'll manage it in the end." 
"Excellent - you got everything. This is a most impressive performance, worthy of the Guildmaster himself. May I be the first to congratulate you and officially welcome you to the ranks of the Guild of Thieves."
The gatekeeper greets you and leads you through the courtyard into the entrance hall, saying "Later on I'll be holding a rat race in the courtyard; if you'd care to come along and, perhaps, make a wager. I'll give you a shout when it starts. Goodbye."
"Hello again," says the gatekeeper, "I hope you're enjoying your stay."
The gatekeeper suspiciously eyes you up and down and contemptuously sneers: "Trying to sneak off with the valuables, were we? Well, I think I'd better put them back - Thief!" he continues 
"I'm a trained security guard as well as gatekeeper, you know." Grabbing you, he deftly shifts his bodyweight and sends you sailing over his left shoulder into the castle moat. Stunned, you drift out into the river with the current; face down and drowning.^
"Certainly, sir." and pulls the lever
The gatekeeper says "I'm sorry sir, I can't stand here with you all day; I have work to do. I'll show you to the drawing room where you can relax."
"There's a law against that sort of thing, you know." the gravedigger says, "And besides, I'm the official gravedigger around here, so if there's any graves to be dug, I'll dig 'em!"^
The gravedigger takes an almighty swipe at you with his spade and, fortunately for him, connects, smashing the side of your skull. He quickly buries you and all connected evidence without ceremony. Rest in peace.^
You hear the gatekeeper shout: "The rat race will start soon."^
The gatekeeper, with four [rats](look rats), enters the courtyard and prepares the course for the ensuing race.^
He turns to you, saying "Would you like to bet, sir? If so, what and on which rat? The odds are:^evens for the black rat.^2 to 1 against for the brown rat.^5 to 1 against for the white rat.^10 to 1 against for the grey rat.^Chance of a lifetime opportunity to win some money you know." ^
He quickly takes the offered stake, saying "Thank you, I hope your rat romps home!"^
He shrugs his shoulders. "Oh well, you'll just have to watch then."^
All the rats shoot away from the start but the black one gains the lead out of the first bend. He keeps his lead for most of the race but, rounding the last bend, the other rats put on a final burst, and it's incredibly tight at the finishing line with @ just sneaking it by a short whisker!^
"Here are your winnings, sir. I'm sorry it's a cheque, but you'll be able to cash it at any respectable banking institution."^With this he smiles quietly to himself, as if finding the concepts of a respectable banking institution and Kerovnia mutually exclusive.^
"What a shame you didn't bet, sir. For a small stake you would have won a tidy sum."^
The gatekeeper clears up, bids you farewell and leaves, taking his rats with him. As a memento of the race, he leaves a small bird cage.^
As you close the night safe you hear the faint sound of the contents falling away.^
. The gatekeeper is watching your every move
. A gatekeeper is standing about, looking rather bored
Don't push your luck.
You close the empty night safe and hear the unmistakable sound of nothing falling away.^
Crash!^You smash your head against the ceiling.^
You rise up through the roof, heading in the desired direction.^
You float across the moat to the other side.^
You fail dismally to recollect a card game involving this many cards.
You fail to clear the top of the bank and catch your feet on the letters of the sign.^
You clear the front of the bank and float through the roof into the bank.^
Moments later she returns.^"I'm afraid Mr Peckham is far too busy to see you now," she says.^
The manager defends himself by pointing out that by investing in countries with racist regimes his bank is helping the oppressed masses by giving them employment. Your feeble mind, trying to cope with his logic, blows a fuse and you slump to the floor.^
The gum is now stuck to 
The miller reaches down to the floor, picks up some chaff and hurls it at your eyes. In your temporary blindness you feel yourself being pushed outside by the miller's forceful hand.^
"I'm sorry, I can't help you with that. If you'll fill in the correct form..."^
The lute breaks, completely ruined and beyond hope of repair.^
The macaw sniffs the food before pushing it back to you, saying "I've been eating that same rubbish for five years now. Get me some proper food if you want the information!"
The macaw licks his lips and tucks in to the veritable feast before him. "Delicious, but not as nice as the potion the Baron made me, what was it now? Snake skin, heart, eye, berries? I don't understand why he was so unhappy when I ate it."
The macaw eats @ as if it were the first meal he'd had in days. Unfortunately, in his rush he didn't check it against his list of approved foodstuffs and so, drops dead.
The macaw seems surprised. "How on Earth do you expect me to open this? My beak is a fragile part of my anatomy, not a road drill!"
You gently float across the hot coals, only becoming very slightly singed.
Not at this height. Flying without a licence is against the Kerovnian penal code, not that you care about that but landing on vertical surfaces can also be rather painful!
With an unexpected degree of skill you manage to avoid hitting the upright drawbridge and land on the far side of the moat.
The vanes of the windmill are spinning quickly in the breeze
The windmill's vanes have stopped
"Here you are, here's my lute and a plectrum too. Happy strumming!"^
"Oh well, I suppose I'll have to wait a while before I buy a brand new lute"
With a creak and a groan, the drawbridge is 
At present, the drawbridge is 
raised
lowered
Talking to a bear is bad enough but, even if it could talk, this one is in no position to reply.
You watch @ roll across the table, bounce off a few cushions, before finally coming to a rest.^
The red ball doesn't seem to want to travel in a straight line.^
The rats eagerly rush for the poison, a few eat it and die but there isn't enough for even half of them, leaving the floor of the cellar still swarming.^
^Water comes gushing out and starts to flood the cellar.^
The cellar is half flooded now, with water and floating rats encroaching up the steps.^
Taking account of the debris, you see that virtually all the rats have drowned, though a few are still undergoing that process. The cellar is absolutely ruined, and most of the wine bottles have smashed against the walls.^
The bear gobbles down the fish with gusto.^
Sensing freedom, the bear bounds out of the cage and, equating you with his captor, attacks. Unfortunately, you don't really stand a chance against his sharp claws and powerful grip and are thus mauled to a painful death.^
The rats swarm over you, nibbling and biting at any available piece of flesh. Your body is stripped to the bone in a matter of minutes.^
There is not the space to empty that here!
The coal splits neatly in two, revealing a fossil.^
The water rises up the steps to the level of your shins, making you slip and fall into the mass of drowned rats. Hitting your head on the steps, you pass out, and drown.^
The toilet flushes violently, splashing your face with water (well, I think it was water)
yawns, not appearing interested
is getting impatient.
is becoming bored.
Very, very, carefully you get them.
There is not the time to start putting things into the pocket.
I wouldn't do that it could trigger off an alarm.
The shaft is much to slippery to climb!
There is barely time to consider the declining standards of Kerovnian workmanship before the immediacy of the ensuing danger takes precedence and avoiding the toppling statue becomes your prime concern. Dodging artfully to one side you congratulate yourself on your agility. On reflection, however, it seems that this self indulgence was as premature as your opinion on Kerovnian workmanship was inadequate since the falling statue appears to have removed a significant portion of the temple [floor].^^Instinctively you grasp for a solid object which, on a good day, would be a handhold but today is the statue and together you head downward into the gloom...^
With a bit of fiddling Mr Peckham removes the gum.^
and locks the door behind him, such is his trusting manner.^"I'm sorry I couldn't help you," he says, "call again some time."^
 (you'd better watch your step next time).
"So you're back. I hope you have all the loot."
 on the lute, breaking it
 only just avoiding landing on your swag bag
The paperback tells you that not a lot is known about mollusks from prehistory and that many educational institutions will pay large sums for well preserved fossils of them.
^There is a large bang and a flash. When you re-open your eyes the cauldron and contents have gone, leaving nothing but a wisp of smoke.
As you leave the mill you trip on the step and fall heavily
Your unprovoked violence sends the poor bird into an hysterical frenzy and, in this irrational state, it eats itself in an effort to escape your vicious attack.
Some of the flies swarm into the jam and are stuck there to await their fate.
Exposure to the elements is too much for the sheet of music which disintegrates.^
Bees start to buzz around you, the new centre of attention.^
Some of the bees take a dislike to you and start stinging.^
The rest of the bees join in and sting you until you are covered with red bites. The poison quickly gets into your bloodstream and finishes you off.^
. The room is lit by a strange glowing white
The heavy statue drags you further down, underwater.^
Your supply of oxygen fails you and you drown in the well. Your body is destined never to be recovered.^
"I've always found that market forces are most reliable in that context," replies Mr Peckham.^
The teller takes one look at the card and leaves her position behind the till.^
A few moments later 
You find air at last and gulp it into your lungs as fast as you can.^
Putting your foot down into the dark, there are no footholds. So you try a bit further down and your left foot finds a crack. But, as you rest your weight on it, your foot slips out of the crack on the smooth stone; you lose your balance and fall down the shaft, bumping and banging all the way to the ground where you abruptly meet the stone floor and your end.
You climb the rope with ease.
Hacking at the vein, you manage to get a few chips of stone from it before the pick shatters.
The bars were really polystyrene and break easily. (Oh well, it was worth a try.)
The barrier is down. Perhaps you should pay to get in?
The toll barrier slowly rises, but the badly maintained mechanism seizes open allowing anyone to pass through.
the constricting ice snake, so recently escaped from its cage, drops on you from the gloom above, and slowly wraps its coils around you.
Bracing yourself against the snake's tightening coils you come face to face with its cold, blank eyes and grinning maw.
The coils are exerting so much pressure now that you can feel your bones about to crack.
With a crunch and a groan your rib cage collapses and then so do you. Your last sight is of the snake on the floor in front of you dislocating its jaw ready for the ensuing meal.
The spider avoids your clumsy swipe and leaps up at you, landing on your face, its furry legs brushing against your cheeks. Before you can raise a hand to remove it, it bites. The poison flows swiftly through your veins, causing your heart to stop.
Sensing the food on offer, the spider scuttles across the floor and into the jam where it meets a sticky end.
the mynah bird flies away, never to be seen again.
The beam melts the wax, and the gem falls.
drops into the mud pool and with a loud 'glop!' it is lost forever.
You skip across the white hot coals without feeling the slightest tinge of pain.
As you put one foot on the coals, pain stabs through it like a thousand needles. The flesh and [bone] melts and, as you fall onto the coals, you scream for mercy as the rest of your body is consumed.
Swimming in the grim waters seems fine until something grabs your feet and drags you [down]. Thrashing around under water, trying to establish the identity of your mystery assailant, you suddenly feel a huge mouth around your torso and sharp teeth snapping at your flesh. With your final breath you realise that you have been bitten in two.
Not from up there, you don't.^
What a revolting thing to do!^
 one spot on each face
 two spots on each face
 three spots on each face
 four spots on each face
 five spots on each face
 six spots on each face
"Sorry about the delay," he says, "some vandal stuck chewing-gum in the keyhole of my office door and I had some difficulty getting out."^
^With all the correctly numbered dice in their respective slots, the clasp on the case dissolves magically.
The customer at the front of the queue objects violently to your conduct and, drawing his cheque book at lightning speed, slits your throat with fatal results.^
From her expression it is clear the teller does not appreciate your attempts at conversation.^
changes the notice
Tears well up in your eyes and a lump finds it's way into your throat.
Without warning a little man comes out of the bank. He 
he throws back at you.^
After a while, the grizzly bear starts to look sleepy, then he slowly topples over and slumps in the corner of the cage.
The flow of water has now ceased.^
Everything in here has been obliterated by the explosion, including the vault door which has been replaced by a large opening.
The bear seems rather uninterested your gifts right now.^
The lid closes and the casket is locked from the outside. It is then lifted and transported to the cemetery and, despite your desperate screams, you are buried alive.
There seems to be nobody behind the counter and the room looks as if it was vacated in a hurry. The roof has been blown off by the explosion.
The bank is completely deserted. Something must have frightened off all the people. Even the roof has disappeared.
. The bank seems to have been damaged by the explosion. In particular, the roof is missing
You hear a squawk, a massive explosion and a much louder squawk.
The champagne bottle explodes as stated on the label, but, unfortunately, you were in the blast radius and so were ripped to shreds.
Terrified by the explosion, everyone rushes out of the bank.^
^Unfortunately, with nobody to fish you out of the water, you slowly sink to the bottom. A very sad and avoidable way to go.
throws out some rubbish
You tear open the bags revealing their contents.^
After a great deal of persistence you manage to remove enough of this stuff to reveal a way leading southward. This gives you the incentive to continue and you soon clear a path allowing easy passage.
Nothing happens.
He turns to you, saying "The Guild and I have surveyed this region and know exactly how much of value is to be obtained. Jump to the jetty and begin your work. Return here when you have completed your business. And remember, I and my associates will be keeping an eye on you."
The diary falls open at the only entry, dated some days back. Somewhat furtively you begin reading.^Dear Diary,^Today I have finally done it. After many years of experimentation I have discovered the secret to negative mass.  I think I shall at last be able to reinstate this island to it's former glory and rid myself of these financial burdens that force me to open my doors to the tourist trade. With my Anti-potion I can do all sorts of wonderful things; negation of gravity to destruction of weapons. Of course, there are some small pitfalls to overcome; why does it only work with symmetrical objects? How can I manufacture this highly volatile powder? And to what lengths must I go to acquire the other, somewhat distasteful, ingredients? After this banquet I may even have the money to continue. At least I have proved that it can be done - now I must find the time to take my dearest wife to the mainland to buy suitable garments to impress these Defenders.
 and then goes back in.^
The piano is slightly out of tune at the moment.
The organ is doing quite well enough on its own, thank you.
You hear a voice in the distance call "Okay, hang on a minute."
KaaChinggg! The till shoots opens!
"Hello," he says with an engaging grin, and puts down his lute. "I'm always glad of some company; it's just a little too quiet around here for me sometimes. Have some chewing-gum." He then gives you some gum.
. The cellar [floor] is swarming with vicious rats
This is a normal plastic die, however only the following faces have numbers on them:
There are many more names under the heading of 'laity' than 'clergy', but I suppose that is only to be expected. However, two unusual names catch your eye, one in each section; in the laity section, the name is **Kol Kanth** and in the clergy section, **Doriman Grunchkev**.
This is a small plastic cube.
tries to lock the door and finds the chewing gum prevents him.^
The rope ladder tumbles down the waterfall, hopefully providing you with a safe route past it.^
. A rope ladder hangs down from the top of the waterfall, allowing a rather damp exit up
The rats are frantically trying to avoid the water in the cellar.^
The macaw squawks loudly, flaps its coloured wings and says, "I'm hungry and you'll need some information".
The mynah bird notices your entrance but just sits on its perch, staring blankly at you.
He acknowledges your entrance with a brief nod and continues his toil.
. Fixed to the wall at the side of the sheer face is a spike with a rope ladder attached to it, resting on the top of the face
. On the ceiling, directly over the mud pool, is a lump of wax. Something appears to be stuck in the wax
The rats float lifelessly in the water. I wouldn't touch them, unless you fancy the plague.^
Resting on the podium is a 
red die.
green die.
blue die.
yellow die.
It's the home of my good friend the Baron. We've had some jolly good banquets there, I can tell you.
OK,if you really want to.^
You can't go that way.
But there's a wall in your way.
The river bank blocks you.
The trees look happy enough without a grotty little thief clambering all over them.
The castle moat is in the way.
The vanes of the mill are spinning very fast and might hurt you if you tried to go that way.
But the toll barrier is down.
But the shop isn't open.
The slopes are too steep and slippery for you to climb.
Going that way would lead to certain death.
The castle was built quite recently actually, about a hundred years ago. They say that diverting the mountain stream around the site to form a moat was quite a feat of engineering.
I don't know when the banquet is going to be held, but the grizzly bear was brought all the way from Plackhund for it and he'll have to be taken back soon.
I know people think they are vermin, but they've really just had a bad press and they make magnificent companions. I keep a few as pets, race a few, and even take them fishing with me sometimes.
There really is a good collection of vintages in the cellar; some of the experts say there is a priceless bottle of red down there, or was it white? Oh, I can't remember. Still that gives you an idea, I hope.
Glug!^
The gallery used to have the finest collection in all Kerovnia when it was opened but now, well, there's still a Ripov there and a rather delightful painting of a minstrel, but nothing else of interest.
Kerovnia, and especially the Oftitch region, make excellent pickings for thieves like us.
The Guild is the best, by that I mean the richest and the one with the least convictions, in the whole of Kerovnia.
The castle is owned by a rich baron who is fortunately on holiday at the moment.
Those poor characters were buried here a few years ago, so they were. They only had one mourner -  a little girl with blond hair, so she was.
'tis a morbid profession, yes indeed, so it is.
Your attempts to produce anything resembling music fail dismally underwater.^
The macaw sniffs disdainfully at the food and pushes it away. "I'm not eating that," it says, "I want another coconut!"^
Striking the ground as you do, you tumble southward into the moat. Stunned by your fall you fail to do anything about your predicament and slip below the water's surface, drowning.^
The bees, so intent on your destruction, follow you underwater where they relentlessly and mercilessly sting you to death.
I have great fun teaching him how to talk, but he seems to forget very easily.
The salesman from Honest John (Kerovnia) plc told me when I bought it that it was magical; it certainly has a magical sound but nothing else. It amazes me what lies traders will tell sometimes, simply to make a few Fergs.
It's a simple way to earn a crust I suppose (no bun intended).
The Baron sometimes invites me over for dinner, but I don't really have too much to do with them apart from the occasional chat.
I hear that the temple has quite a lot of support around here, but I don't go to their services any more. They're too fanatical for my taste.
That used to interest me in the old days, but not now. I'm quite happy to just get on with my life the way it is.
Don't worry about that, sir, it isn't important.
I think you should stop asking irrelevant questions and get on with your job.
That isn't important right now.
"Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today..."^He then bursts into tears, apologises for his outburst and continues digging.
nothing. He probably didn't hear you as he is totally engrossed in his labours.
"grrr!"
"Eh?"
"I think, I'm not sure"
Moving through the air with the greatest of ease you glide down into the boat.^
You start to move out over the river, but your inexperienced flying causes you to lose control. Fortunately (for you) you fall back down into the boat.^
Who's a pretty boy then?
Squawk!
Pieces of eight.
That is typical of the sort of thing I'd expect you to ask.
The Baron asked me exactly the same thing when I last went there for dinner. I didn't know where to start then either.
You drift out over the lake.^After a few seconds floating you fall into the lake. Your acceleration carries you beneath the surface and before you can recover a large pike arrives and savages your body.^
Unfortunately nothing you are carrying has the spirit to stay with you.
Unless you suddenly metamorphose into a frog, you are going to find it impossible to get past the bars in front of the cage.
 who sits in the cage, looking incredibly grumpy, guarding a platinum chalice
Water and live rats come gushing through the cellar door. 
In the hot, humid atmosphere the ice snake loosens its grip and falls to the floor. It writhes around, obviously in great discomfort, then stops moving and disintegrates.
With the sound of the lute still echoing around you, your song seems to envelop your mind and lift you up, literally! The shock is a little too much for the lute which disintegrates.
After a few seconds of floating, you fall back to the ground with a heavy bump.^
You rise up through the hole in the ceiling before the spell wears off
That direction is occupied by an unpleasant smelling river.
Your attempt to go in that direction is foiled by a combination of hydrogen and oxygen.^
No doubt Count Vlad would approve of your attempt at climbing the railings. However, as the resulting death would not make pleasant reading, you turn back.
There is a door in your way.
Do you know that someone, somewhere, spends all his time making pretty flies, you know the sort with red feathers and green bits hanging off them.  That is how he makes his living. It would not be a very good living if people like you came along and used nasty black creepy crawly things - would it? If you can't find any nice pretty flies try something a bit grubbier.
Large rocks block that direction.
I don't think that walking on water is your style!
For no apparent reason some large, substantial looking iron bars (which prevent anything larger than a rat passing) have been built here.
The iron gate into the cemetery is closed.
You're forgetting a small matter of a deep, yawning fissure!
I'd take a little more care here, a fall would be the end of you!
It's too confusing around here to apply general concepts such as 'in' or 'out'.
There is little chance of forcing your way past all the junk.
Those ahead of you in the queue look at you with a mixture of disgust and malice. Deciding that it's too early in the day to be beaten to a pulp by a horde of angry bank customers you wait impatiently for your turn.
Where there was once a large sheet of glass there is now a vacant space allowing easy passage! 
The mill is not operating at the moment, the vanes swinging gently in the breeze.
. Looking through the open doorway you spy the miller
four fergs
six fergs
twelve fergs
twenty two fergs
ten fergs
fifteen fergs
thirty fergs
fifty five fergs
, it is in fine condition
, but it has been badly damaged
The window shatters into a vast number of glass shards.^
Guild of Thieves - Copyright (C) 1987 Magnetic Scrolls Ltd^Version 1.3^
The Guild of Thieves, written by Magnetic Scrolls Ltd, based on a scenario by Rob Steggles. Special thanks must be given to Geoff Quilley and Tristan Humphries for the graphics. Duncan Maclean for help with the 'title pictures'. Michael Bywater for writing the packaging. And a word of warning to the following people: Boris, Keith, Gary, Martin, Paul and Phil.  If you find as many bugs in our next game we shall have you removed.
Your score is 
 from 
Please remove your 'Guild of Thieves' disk and switch off.
^Sorry please try again.
Thank you - now back to the plot....
^Please enter word : 
Along with your disk came a copy of What Burglar? (if you want another issue don't forget to send off the form). To make sure that you didn't steal this game (you shouldn't be qualified ... yet!) we would like to ask you to type in a word from this magazine. ^We shall simply ask you to type in a word at Page n, Column n, Line n, Word n. When counting the lines please note that blank lines are not included. The lines start at one from the obvious beginning of that column.^So please turn to Page 
 then find line 
 and count to word 
.^Now please enter this word.  You have three chances to get it right.
, column 
^You pick up one of the many books at random. It is 
 To preserve the chaotic (at least to your eyes) arrangement of the library you replace the book where you found it.^
an extremely well thumbed copy of Knuth's 'The Art of Computer Programming, Volume 5: Syntactical Algorithms'.
the only copy of Volume II of 'Language as a cognitive process by Terry Winograd'. It describes solutions to many of the known problems in parsing, and you feel strangely sad that it has never been read.
Gringo Baconburger's autobiography. This is one of the most authoritative of all the histories of Kerovnia. Starting with the rise of the Royal family and the establishment of a monarchy via murder and deception, it goes on to tell of the magnificent PR coups later performed which had each of the many peoples of Kerovnia thinking that the Royals were 'theirs'. Although much more detailed about the period when he claimed a good deal of power himself, some of the 'facts' relating to this time seem too extraordinary to believe. Particularly the account of the rise to the office of mayor of the strange 'legless' horse is very hard to credit.
'101 Uses For A Dead Adventurer', illustrated by someone with the initials G.Q.
'A Tale of Kerovnia' - this is a light fictional tale. For some strange reason a previous reader has numbered all the lines on each page!
about Kerovnian history. Concisely written but not going into any great detail even at the more interesting periods.
very thick, delving into the structural design of third age castles. The author postulates some incredible theories as to the function of some of the more unusual structures.
a weak fictional work by a minor author calling herself Madam Delf.
an anthology of traditional Kerovnian fairy tales.
a classic work of fiction called 'The Glinkstone of Gakarnal'. A deep moral message is said to be held in this story but, as yet, no-one has worked out quite what it is.
'The Complete Guide to the Conceptual Analysis of the Form of Matter' by that verbosest of verbose philosophers, Wertstill Podbury.
a modern work that seems to have no form or content - just a lot of mindless gibberish.
'Zen and the art of Fujitsu Maintenance', it falls open at page 2333 where all you can understand is a list of numbers including 3600, 337, 67, 10, 821 and 594. Perhaps understand is something of an exaggeration!
a copy of 'Godel, Escher, Baconburger' by the well-known author Douglas R. Hofmeister.
better left unread, judging by the explicit pictures on the cover.
a book belonging to Oftitch County Library. To pay the overdue fines would need most of a small defence budget.
a short natural history treatise, describing the differences between 'Rattus Kerovnius' and 'Rattus Norvegicus'. Apart from a long piece about hyper-intelligence in rats, it also says that the former species is incapable of swimming.
a weighty tome, entitled 'The significance of Aquitanian green magic in the socio-economic development of Third World dictatorships'.
volume 3772 of the Oftitch telephone directory. It covers 'Xenophon' to 'Xygax'.
a short detective story. You skip to the last page, and read how the burglar was finally apprehended in the library, madly searching for a particular book.
the true story of the unfortunate and sudden death (completely without warning) of a colourful (although colour-blind) individual whilst trying to 'get down'. The book's illustrations are even stranger than its terminology, depicting large, empty rooms lit by the obviously magical means of thin, flat objects on the floor.
a slim, leather bound volume entitled 'The Wordsworth Works'. The book opens between pages 28 and 31. Looking at the index you discover page 29 was devoted to the Poem 'Upon Westminster Bridge', and, next to this entry are the initials 'HMG' followed by the words 'we'll see you about this'.
a camping and survival manual that belonged to the Baron in his youth. It tells how to start a fire by rubbing two scouts together, how to design, construct and test a thermo-nuclear device using only a cypheric hint and several gullible games reviewers, and also how to construct a fishing rod from household items such as pins, thread, and any suitable thin piece of wood.
actually a text adventure, printed on paper, entitled 'Five Rooms and a Shark', with the authors marks engraved upon it: 'Fatman and Dobbin'. 
a polemic entitled 'Marks and Spencerism made easy' by Professor Karl Friedrichs of the University of Aquitania. Despite the title you barely comprehend the first section of the book, referring as it does to the materialist conception of history, dialectical materialism, the surplus value of society, concentration of capital and the profit motive in retail trading. The conclusion of the author seems to be that the increasing size of department stores can be traced back to the private ownership of the means of production, distribution and exchange, and production for profit, not need.
The bear stares at you and growls.^
The counter has been designed to keep future and current customers of the shop separate.^
As you move between the boat and the jetty, the boat is pushed out into the river again.^
Your leap clears the water between the jetty and boat, however your stay in the boat isn't long as your momentum carries you into the river beyond.
Happily, as though without a care in the world, you step out of the boat onto the river. Remarkably the water fails to support your weight!
The miller wouldn't like to see the lute in its current state!^
A slight feeling of disorientation moves through you.^
Ok, game over....^
The gatekeeper looks at you strangely, considers for a moment and deciding that he misheard you 
raises 
lowers 
It seems to have started to rain.^
It appears to have stopped raining.^
The wind picks up, making the rain feel much colder.^
A light wind starts blowing.^
The wind dies down.^
Large clouds are forming. Possibly the rain will turn into a storm.^
Feather-like clouds are drifting above you.^
Some of the clouds clear, allowing rainbows to form around you.^
The clouds drift away.^
Sounds of drips and splashes reach your ears.^
The miller loudly curses those who cannot tell whether a windmill has stopped or not!^
^With a whizz, a bang and a pop a large burst of smoke fills the cauldron and, to your amazement, the cube gets transformed into something very, very strange.
Playing billiards is done by hitting the white ball towards another ball!
It would be a crying shame to soil such a piece as this!^
It would be rather embarrassing (not to say messy) to 
 in a closed toilet!^
Perhaps this might be more easily performed after having removed any obstructing pieces of clothing?^
Oddly, the urge seems to have subsided now!^
Surely you should open it first?^
^There is a fizzing noise as the substance inside the sachet reacts with the air, leaving a powdery residue.^
The bear starts towards your arm, which you obviously remove very quickly!
far inside the cage, beyond your reach.^
Just because the bag is transparent doesn't mean that you don't need to open it!^
Picking up the shards would be the last thing your hands could be used for!^
The bear takes 
, which, after a few exploratory nibbles, 
which shatters into a vast number of glass shards.^
As you pull on the rope the boat glides gently up to the jetty.^
The boat is far too heavy to be pulled out of the water by the rope!^
he leaves lying in the cage.^
The gatekeeper has just left for the courtyard.^
The gatekeeper, looking pleased with himself, says "you had better be quick; you have to bet BEFORE the race!"^
The plaque has engraved on it:^Ice Constricting Snake - The only surviving specimen.  Once predominant in the Ice regions of the Kerovnian plateau. All eliminated during the great thaw except 'Lawrence' who survived by hiding inside a giant snowman.
As you reach out to the succulents the spider moves towards your hand. Hastily you step out of reach.
As you attempt to rub the succulents into your feet they disintegrate. Obviously they have been over-used.
As your feet get coated with the succulents they start feeling very numb.
Your feet start tingling as the numbness wears off.
Due to their numbness, the feet feel like planks of wood.
Your feet have already been numbed by the succulents. However, since you like wasting succulent juice...
The mirror and the beam silently glare at each other. Unfortunately you are unable to keep your hands steady long enough to win this battle. The beam bounces off the shaky mirror and, after creating strange patterns on the wall, reflects deep into your eyes. You quickly pull the mirror from the beam before it severely affects your retina.
You vaguely try to point the beam at the wax. However, the beam responds by silently laughing at your clumsy attempts. Maybe you should reflect further on this one?
If you weren't standing between the wax and the mirror you would have seen a reflection of the wax in the mirror.
The beam bounces around the room finding its home in your right eye. You lower the mirror hastily to prevent serious injury.
You hold the mirror in the beam. It lights up a previously dark corner of the room which is so unpleasant to look at that you are glad of its initial darkness.
Little dots of light scatter around the place, finally resting on the wax.
The beam hits @ which  glows merrily.
The mirror reflects @ .
Unfortunately you cannot manipulate the beam in such a way.
You strain to reach the buttons, but your fingers can't quite make it.
The bed smoothly descends to a horizontal position, without a trace of the violence that accompanied its ascent.
As you press the button, you feel an incredible force tilting the bed to a vertical position.
From your position on the bed, you see the painting over the bed rushing down to meet you (or is it vice versa?). As you hit the painting, there is a sickening thud of skull against steel, and as consciousness slips away, your final thought is that another blood-red splodge on the painting is unlikely to be noticed.
You are accelerated towards the hole, and luckily are flung through it rather than squashed like a fly on the side. You travel through the darkness in a distinctly non-astral fashion, thinking that you now know what it feels like to be a rock in a ballista.  Suddenly, you land painfully (but alive) on a cold floor.
Peeping under the corner of the picture, you realise that the picture is covering something.
As you lift the picture, you realise there is nothing behind it after all. No paper, no [wall], just a dark hole leading into nothing.
The bed leaps into life, folding itself up with startling speed. There is a loud crash as it slams itself against the [wall].
I suppose it is understandable, as you are a trainee thief and not a trainee physician, that you have not assembled all the correct components.
. A [painting](do abstract painting) has been hung over the head of the bed
. A large hole over the head of the bed leads into darkness
You nimbly leap through the hole towards the faint light, but it's too far away. Scrabbling at thin air, you plummet several stories to the ground, making what is euphemistically known as a 'positive' landing.
The complexity of the knot defeats you.
You begin to feel distinctly queasy.
Waves of nausea almost overwhelm you. Maybe it was something you ate?
You finally keel over, wishing you'd watched your diet rather more closely.
The toilet gurgles loudly, and the lid flaps about a bit.
Not while you're sitting on it, Please!
I don't think an unbroken coconut is going to be too easy to eat!^
would behave better if it were on a billiard table!^
You really need to use a cue to succeed at billiards!^
You find some wetsuit boots buried in the sand!^
You dig again, but to no avail.^
produces a sound that lifts your spirits.
makes a noise even John Cage would disown.
You plunge underwater...
You float gently upwards following the rope.^
Ah, yes, a pleasant chap although occasionally a little negative in his thinking. One of the 'Old School', you know.
Are you not pushing your luck a little bit too far?
You don't recognise the tune being played.^
. Dragging an extremely heavy trunk is an frail old man, wearing a white sash
I don't know much about the sash, it came with the invitation to the [banquet](do banquet).
Yes, there is going to be a banquet here in a few days; you'll spot the guests a mile off, wearing a stupid white sash!
. Unfortunately, some vandal has removed the pipe
Although now old and frail, the man was once a skilled killer, trained to kill in a hundred ways. At least four of these involved no more violence than a two year old could provide. One of these methods now has you flat on your face, ever so slightly dead.
A grateful smile appears on the old man's face. Your extra weight makes the trunk move quite easily and you soon arrive at the castle's drawbridge. The gatekeeper notices you, lowers the drawbridge and drags the trunk into the castle. The old man follows him, disappearing into the depths of a place he obviously knows well.
I must admit I enjoy a little bit of sport now and again. Betting just makes people take it a little more seriously.
You don't seriously expect the gatekeeper to let you do that, surely? It's his job!^
The gloves give you enough grip on the rope to pull yourself up.
The rope is much too slippery to climb!
Whheeee! You slide gently down the rope.
 which lies slumped on the [floor]
You hear water gurgling down the pipe.^
. Water floods out where a pipe has been removed
. The rats float lifelessly in the water. I wouldn't touch them, unless you fancy the plague
. The rats are frantically trying to avoid the water in the cellar
As you place them onto the weighing machine, you stumble slightly.^
I'm glad YOU think there's something to celebrate.^
The cork flies into the distance with a loud 'POP', and the champagne goes everywhere!^
, and another heads south through the junk
Who needs luck, anyway?^
The bones have been picked clean by some unscrupulous predator.
The heart occasionally misses a beat.
You ought to go to where the race is happening to talk to the gatekeeper!^
The gatekeeper takes a look at your possessions and says "I'd take care with those sir, there are thieves about!"
Struggling free of your grasp,
The bird struggles and refuses to enter @ .
You glide gently down beside the rope.^
A coconut dislodges itself and falls at your feet.^
Unsatisfied with a single coconut, you grasp the tree and shake it vigorously. To your surprise, another coconut falls. And another, and another. Before you can run for it, the tree is raining coconuts so hard that you are beaten to the ground, unconscious, and finally to death.
The miller turns to look at you, having heard only a fraction of what you said. Perhaps you should shout?
There are many ways to die in this world, many are heroic, some may even be worthwhile. Stepping on the wrong square is an extremely colourful way to go, with the entire spectrum seeming to dive into one eye, crawl around inside your head for a while and depart through the other eye. It's a real shame that such a colourful death is in no way heroic, and certainly not worthwhile.
A five by four grid of coloured squares makes up the floor of this bright room. Each of the squares is a colour of the rainbow and, reading from west to [east], starting with the northernmost row, the colours are: black, indigo, blue, green, red; then the next row has: red, violet, yellow, indigo,yellow.  The next row has: orange, orange, blue, violet, orange and the southernmost row has: green, yellow, indigo, red, white. The white and black squares have exits on them (in the southeast and northwest corners)
Standing on these squares provokes a strange feeling of apprehension mixed with mild paranoia. You feel as though you're being watched by a thousand people and likely to make a complete fool of yourself at any time. You're quite probably right (well you have to be some of the time!)
is hardly discernible in this light
As you step onto the square the rest dim, leaving 
You toss @ on the floor. When you retrieve it, you notice that it now has 
. A black iron bucket stands close to the fire
For a moment then, there was about five microns clearance between your feet and the ground. Some sort of musical accompaniment might help.
There is a squeak of protest, but 
You'll need a rod to do any fishing!
Unfortunately, nothing seems to be biting today and you decide that it would be best to rethink your strategy.
Casting your line far into the moat, you settle down to wait for a bite. Almost immediately, you feel a tug on the line. Striking, you haul the line in to find a big, juicy fish flapping helplessly on the end of it. You carefully remove the  'hook' from the inside of its mouth, but it seems the fish is already dead.
If you could find some suitable bait then perhaps it would be a different matter.
 where some substantial iron bars convincingly block your way
Look here, we DID warn you. Rats are carriers of more lethal diseases than you've had hot dinners. I'd give you a list if my stomach was up to it. But I shouldn't worry TOO much if I were you, as you don't get killed by any of these diseases, anyway. Instead, you die  because you succeed in swallowing the one rat who's still kicking, who attempts to escape by digging his way through most of your vital organs.
. The master thief sits in the boat, eyeing you up and down with a look of utter contempt
You wade into the rat-filled water.^
You chew the gum, resulting in a really unconvincing John Wayne impression.
You pop the gum into your mouth, and start to chew.
^You are chewing some gum.
, looking appalled at your total lack of manners, ignores you.
It should be a corking good do! Old 'Buffy' Protheroe said they'd got some spiffing attractions!
I have such a heavy one to make it impossible for petty thieves to steal. There are times when I wish it were lighter, though.
Hello! They said someone from the castle would be along to help with luggage. I'm glad you're here at last.
"Hello again, my friend."
. Occasionally, he plucks a note on a lute that he carries
"Hello. You will help me with my bags, wont you?"
The devastation here is unbelievable. The smoke hasn't fully cleared yet, but what you can see leaves you in no doubt as to the potency of the champagne! It adds a whole new meaning to 'Drink this, it'll blow your head off!'. 
The mynah spies the bottle, and squawks "Champagne! Hooray!"^
The mynah squawks "Pieces of nine!". It's probably just a parroty error.^
As you start off, a very startled mynah bird, looking almost oven-ready, flies away over your head, squawking what it obviously considers to be obscenities. The air is thick with the smell of charred feathers. 
^The vanes of the mill slow, before shuddering to a halt.
. A stool sits conveniently close to the piano
one
two
three
four
five
six
You throw a 
The die lands with a blank face uppermost
The miller looks at you, then says "I'm getting a bit bored of strumming the same old lute all the time. I was thinking of buying a more up-market model, but I wanted to sell this one first. You strike me as a musical type of person, would you like to buy it? I'm asking a very reasonable price, only fifty five Fergs."
. The miller is sitting comfortably in the chair
You wrench the pipe from the wall and it clatters to the floor.
. It has a message on its leg
The board reads:^Tiggins: 0^Haylor : 148
The fugue seems to be a 50/50 mix of musical and mathematical notations, but you easily spot that it is in pi/4 time.
. A plastic die is inside the case
Hearing a sort of 'splosh' from the moat, you turn to see the ripples where a fish has just 'risen'.
You subtly spit the remains of the gum into your hand.
. A rope ladder leads down by the waterfall, attached to the wall by a metal spike
The fish is now smeared with poison.
The poisoned fish seems to have done its work.
I wouldn't go into the cage - The bear could come round at any time!
You float down through the thin shaft.^
You float into the shaft.^
Now look, a lot of hard work has gone into creating this adventure and a lot of imagination into distributing objects cleverly throughout the game. We didn't do it so some demented pyromaniac could go around burning them. I'm sorry, but I'm not going to do it.^
The shaft looks a little too narrow to float up.^
Chewing it helps me to relax. You should try it some time.
(S485
as the sole source of illumination.
disappear@ from view.^
The cacophony produced by the lute affects the spell to the extent that it crushes you down into the ground, until your jaw hits your toes and your spine would fit in a matchbox.
The rope is tied beyond your reach.
The gatekeeper spots your attempt to 'influence' the race and takes swift action, he removes 
from your grasp and throws 
into the moat (not a bad throw actually).^
They buzz around you, amused by your clumsy attempts to dispatch them.
The gatekeeper appears from the courtyard.^
The gravedigger pauses from his labour for a moment, leans on his spade and quietly stares at you. He's probably wondering when he'll need to start on your grave, and if anyone will pay the bill.
(S496
(S497
The miller stares blankly at you, unable to comprehend your suggestion, and says "Surely you want to buy it, not borrow it?"^
You jump through the hole, landing in a fragile state in the room below you.
Jumping through the hole, you vaguely make out that you are falling through another room, and another hole. The whole process was just a bit too far, and, everything breaks.
The signpost reads: ^Northwest Spades ^Southeast Hearts ^Northeast Diamonds ^Southwest Clubs
As you fall through the hole a vision appears before you. A man, dressed in red and yellow wearing a cleft hat. He is shaking a rattle and laughing, louder and louder. "Beware!" he cries, "Beware of the joker in the pack." The speed of your fall accelerates and, although you never hit the floor, somehow you know you are dead.
With a flash and a bang a golden fairy, just two inches high, appears. "Hello," she says "I'm Lady Luck, guardian of all good Backgammon and Craps players. You summoned me for a dice roll?"^
"Well, which number do you require: one,two,three,four,five or six?" she says, dancing a merry dance around your left nostril >
"So that's the way you want it eh? Well don't expect me to always be at your beck and call." She then disappears in an obvious fairy-like huff.
"Glad to be of service." With a blinking of the eye she is gone.
As you rub the horseshoe it starts glittering with a golden sheen. For no apparent reason you feel lucky.
The mynah bird squawks loudly
A bit late for that now isn't it?
The mynah bird glares at you and remains silent.
I ain't never 'ad no time for no bank, 'ave I. It be always closed when you wants your money, it be.
Ah, the Bank of Kerovnia. It used to be a great financial institution until they got a new manager; Mr Peckham I believe. They never seem to be open these days. The only way I can get at my money is to write cheques, and then nobody takes them.
The Bank of Kerovnia? I went there once for a loan but they wanted me to sign over my mill. I wouldn't trust them if I were you.
Crikey! I wouldn't bother with those duffers, they're nothing but a bunch of thieves. I use my trunk instead, it's much safer.
It's where people deposit their valuables and money, of course. Any self-respecting thief ought to know that.
The miller takes the cheque, looks at it blankly for a few seconds and then, sighing deeply, mutters to himself, "I suppose this will do." and with some reluctance he hands you the lute.^
The notice reads:^Bank closed due to no business.^signed Mr Peckham.^
The notice reads:^Bank closed due to hardly any business.^signed Mr Peckham.^
The notice reads:^Bank closed due to very little business.^signed Mr Peckham.^
The notice reads:^Bank closed due to poor business.^signed Mr Peckham.^
The notice reads:^Bank closed due to lack of business.^signed Mr Peckham.^
The notice reads:^Bank closed due to not much business.^signed Mr Peckham.^
The notice reads:^Bank closed due to not enough business.^signed Mr Peckham.^
The notice reads:^Bank closed due to not quite enough business.^signed Mr Peckham.^
The notice reads:^Bank open all hours, please enter.^signed Mr Peckham.^
The sign reads:^Ba k of Ker vn a^
The miller studies the cheque carefully for a few moments before giving it back saying "That's not enough!"^
After a few moments the next customer in this queue is served, and a few minutes later you are at the till, waiting to be served.
Several minutes pass and you notice that, while your queue hasn't moved an inch, the other queue is moving quickly along.^
Being an object of a slightly different universe I am unsure of how to do that to the anticube.
In your haste to enter the bank you fail to notice that the door is shut. It intercepts your head and causes you to recoil.^
Not being anywhere near the drawbridge, the gatekeeper ignores you.^
"Well," says the teller sharply, "what can I do for you? I haven't got all day, you know."^
The teller seems to be getting irritated.^"I do think you should get a move on," she snaps. "There are other customers waiting to be served."^
Mutterings of discontent reach your ears from the people in the queue behind you.^"Really!" exclaims the teller, "If you've got nothing to show me you'd better leave."^
Feeling somewhat embarrassed at your lack of progress with the teller you go back to the main bank area behind the queues.^
You leave the till and go to the back of 
a short fat man with a cigar and top hat (he must be a capitalist) comes up to you, introduces himself as Mr Peckham and, taking you by the arm, leads you into his office.^
But the bullet proof glass is in the way!^
As you disturb the weighing machine loud alarm bells ring and the four exits start closing in on you. It is not long before they have entirely enveloped you, and you suffocate.
You leave the queue and go back to the main area of the bank.^
You must be in a queue to leave it!^
The people in the queue ignore you, after all, you are in public!^
You need to be closer to do that to 
Glancing at the castle roof you spot a furtive figure in a striped shirt clambering across the tiled surface (obviously a high-ranking member of the Guild judging by the width of the stripes on his shirt). Noticing your gaze he seeks immediate cover and executes a steep swan-dive into the moat below, surprising a basking fish with his head, and is lost from view in the depths.
As you place them onto the weighing machine it shudders very slightly, and you expel a deep breath of air as the alarm bells forget to sound.
You place the dice onto the machine carefully but it is just that little bit too light.^
Suddenly a resounding belch echoes around the cellar and a rather soggy, red-faced master thief peers out from behind the wine rack clutching an empty bottle. He spots you and quickly staggers away to avoid embarrassing questions from a junior member of the guild.
Crashing into the bathroom, the master thief knocks you flying. He disrobes, revealing some of the less obvious parts of the anatomy, and relieves himself. Noticing you for the first time he hastily hoists his garments and departs without a word.
Noticing that the rope above you is swinging, your gaze travels upwards towards the roof of the chamber. You catch a brief glimpse of a stripy sock as it disappears from view due to it's natural tendency to travel in the same direction as the attached foot (in this instance upwards).
Without warning, a head peers through the vegetation. You correctly identify it as belonging to the master thief. Startled by your presence he manages to lose his balance, resulting in a disagreement with a nearby cactus. Picking himself up, he leaves rapidly and in obvious discomfort.
Realising that his stripy shirt is a dead giveaway and that his impression of a corpse was none too convincing anyway, the master thief rises from his hiding place and leaves the shop muttering to himself.
For no apparent reason a figure in a stripy shirt hurtles downstream on a pair of skis and disappears into the abyss below.
Glancing at the nearby lake you are bemused by the sight of a striped snorkel gliding silently past. You stand watching this amazing sight until it rounds a nearby bend and is lost from view.
"I see that you have the Guild of Thieves deposit account card. Unfortunately I can't allow you to remove any of the valuables therein since that account currently is ninety per cent of our business, and we'd have to close without it. I'm sorry but I just can't allow it."^
"If there is anything else you require please join a queue outside where the teller will be glad to help you."^
"Now if you will excuse me, I am rather busy..."^
"Look, I really do have a lot to do."^So saying, the manager leads you out of his office, 
A few moments later he emerges.^"I believe these are yours."^Leaving 
he returns to his office, locking the door.^
The bank manager follows you out of his office 
The manager leaves you and goes back into his office, making sure the door is locked behind him.^
The vault door looks far too solid for you to do that.^
Mr Peckham tries to go back into his office, but the gum in the keyhole prevents him unlocking it.^
Mr Peckham manages to remove the gum and unlocks the door.^
(S566
You find yourself whizzing through the air, strange pictures of dice, cards and counters are floating past you. It feels like a nightmare in Las Vegas, when suddenly, and rather painfully it stops. Rather shakily you get up and look around you.
one, 
two, 
three, 
four, 
five, 
six, 
a trivial 
an easy 
a close 
a potential 
an achievable 
a difficult 
a deceptive 
an unobtainable 
an impossible 
This is the first of Ken's test NPC messages
this is the second
third
last of the test npc messages
