
			Jinxter Hints
	   Copyright (c) Magnetic Scrolls Ltd. 1988, 1989.


How do I get off the bus?

1)	Try ringing the bell.


Where do I get off the bus?

1)	At the correct stop.
2)	Just do as you are told.
3)	Two stops from the start of the journey.


How do I get past the bull?

1)	Ask a vicar; he's a man of the cloth.
2)	You'll see red when you realise how easy it is.
3)	You know what they say: like showing a red rag to a bull.
4)	I suppose I could drop you a subtle hint.


How do I get past the barbed-wire fence?

1)	It's a high quality fence: a cut above the rest.
2)	Don't expect any cutting remarks from me.
3)	Get a grip of yourself and hold on tight.
4)	A gardeners protection will suffice.


How do I see in the dark?

1)	Not very well, I should imagine.
2)	Game pie is a strange mixture: you certainly don't want double helpings.
3)	Listen, a bird in the bush is worth two in the hand. Isn't it?
4)	Listen to the magpie.


How do I catch a mouse?

1)	You have to set a trap.
2)	You'll need some bait.
3)	Cheese is a rodent's favourite nibble.
4)	Patience is a virtue.


How do I open Xam's mailbox?

1)	I'm sure you'll warm to this one.
2)	Strange things happen in the heat of the moment.
3)	Don't break the mould: just change it a little.
4)	Warm the plastic key.


Why does the mad gardener run away with the sack?

1)	Sounds like he heard you coming?
2)	Why don't you surprise me with an unannounced entrance?
3)	He probably did a runner because you neglected the runners.
4)	Oil is a wonderful lubricant.


How do I get the oil?

1)	It doesn't cut any ice with me.
2)	Water is an expanding comodity, especially when it's cold.
3)	Don't be dense: expand your horizons.
4)	Freeze the solution.


How do I repair the canoe?

1)	A little stiff might do the trick.
2)	Or perhaps a larger bung?
3)	Your feet may object, but the bung won't.
4)	Put the bung in the sock or use a mouse.


How do I get past the mound of dirt?

1)	Come on, loosen up!
2)	I'm sure you can worm your way out of this one.
3)	This is a whole new can of worms.
4)	Empty the can of worms onto the mound of dirt.


How do I reach the chandelier?

1)	Perhaps you're not quite suited to this task.
2)	It's no use feeling flushed.
3)	What do you expect? A flood of ideas?
4)	Flood the library. You'll find you can swim around.


What do I do in the bakery?

1)	Employ yourself usefully.
2)	Are you up to the job?
3)	There's no harm in asking, is there?
4)	Ask the baker for the job.


What do I do in the bakery kitchen?

1)	There's something very valuable down there.
2)	You may have to sift a few ideas.
3)	sieve the flour.


How do I get back out past the baker?

1)	Bake the bread, as he asked you to.
2)	Don't bake the bread as he asked you to.
3)	There's some spare room in the baking tin.
4)	Bake the charm with the bread.


How do I get rid of the postmistress?

1)	There are no two ways about this. Well, actually there are.
2)	Come on, put a sock in it.
3)	What's small, furry and stiff?
4)	Put the sock in the bell or show the postmistress the mouse.


How do I crack the safe?

1)	You need to handle it correctly. Are you getting all this
	down?
2)	You'll clock this one, if you're wise.
3)	They say one has influence at the top; but are they right?


How do I put out the fire?

1)	Do I have to spell it out?
2)	Perhaps we're in for a cold spell?
3)	Freeze it.


How do I get into the clockmaker's shop?

1)	Try knocking on the door.
2)	Have a look through the window.
3)	Perhaps you should throw your weight around?
4)	Timing is important. After all, he is a clockmaker.
5)	Knock on the door then throw something at the lamp.


How do I reach the girder?

1)	It's a bit of a climb.
2)	Perhaps a ladder would help?


How do I climb the ladder?

1)	Now, if it were upside down, maybe it would help. Then again,
	maybe not.
2)	Perhaps you should think on a higher level?
3)	Get on the stool, then you can reach.


What do I do with the weathermen?

1)	Hold on, are you sure about this?
2)	A change in the weather may take you by surprise.
3)	A short spell of rain might help.
4)	Hold on to a weatherman and change the weather.


What do I do with the cloud?

1)	If there were nine, you'd probably know where you'd be.
2)	Come on, put some life into the situation.
3)	Animate it.
4)	For a return journey, cool it down.


How do I get the train ticket?

1)	You'll need two fergs. Be careful though, there ARE only three.
2)	This one will lead you a merry dance.
3)	You'll need to be more entertaining.
4)	Busking is not allowed - however, I doubt that will stop you.


Why do I keep falling off the train roof?

1)	Perhaps if you were inside the train?
2)	Fare-dodging is a risky business.
3)	Do it legally (well almost), it's far safer.


How do I catch the train?

1)	If you're quick, you may just make it.
2)	Try running after it.


How do I cross the precipice to the castle?

1)	It may be a flight of fancy, but it gets results.
2)	A breath of life, a mythical beast - that's all it takes.
3)	Saddle up, and you're ready to go.
4)	Animate the unicorn.


How do I get past the gaoler?

1)	Tread warily.
2)	Perhaps there's something afoot?


How do I get out of the cell?

1)	You need to hatch an escape plan; it's food for thought.
2)	Escape is your burning desire.
3)	There's no time for delay. Or is there?
4)	Use the candle to burn the rope.


How do I open the dome?

1)	It's magic, but not in the mystical sense.
2)	It'll all add up if you think about it.
3)	You need to form a magic square.


Why do I keep going through the wrong door?

1)	Because you weren't lucky enough.


Why does the witch always catch me when I walk into her chamber?

1)	Because she was in the room.
2)	She needs to be occupied elsewhere.
3)	Rescuing Xam might help.


How do I kill the witch?

1)	The future is uncertain.
2)	You'll need all your charm.
3)	That's all you're going to get.


I've finished the game but I don't have a full score, why?

1)	You may have missed a puzzle somewhere.


